0	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is training his horse for a competition.	neutral
1	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is at a diner, ordering an omelette.	contradiction
2	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is outdoors, on a horse.	entailment
3	Children smiling and waving at camera	They are smiling at their parents	neutral
4	Children smiling and waving at camera	There are children present	entailment
5	Children smiling and waving at camera	The kids are frowning	contradiction
6	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy skates down the sidewalk.	contradiction
7	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does a skateboarding trick.	entailment
8	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy is wearing safety equipment.	neutral
9	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work.	neutral
10	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	A boy flips a burger.	contradiction
11	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	An elderly man sits in a small shop.	neutral
12	Two blond women are hugging one another.	Some women are hugging on vacation.	neutral
13	Two blond women are hugging one another.	The women are sleeping.	contradiction
14	Two blond women are hugging one another.	There are women showing affection.	entailment
15	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are eating omelettes.	neutral
16	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are sitting at desks in school.	contradiction
17	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The diners are at a restaurant.	entailment
18	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is drinking juice.	entailment
19	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.	contradiction
20	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive.	neutral
21	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.	neutral
22	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park	contradiction
23	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man drinking water from a fountain.	entailment
24	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table.	contradiction
25	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	There are two woman in this picture.	entailment
26	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years, and have had a great time catching up.	neutral
27	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug, both clutching their doggie bags.	neutral
28	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off.	contradiction
29	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two women hug each other.	entailment
30	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is trying to score the games winning out.	neutral
31	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is trying to tag a runner out.	entailment
32	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is playing baseball on Saturn.	contradiction
33	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school hosts a basketball game.	contradiction
34	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A high school is hosting an event.	neutral
35	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school is hosting an event.	entailment
36	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	The women do not care what clothes they wear.	contradiction
37	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are waiting by a tram.	entailment
38	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	The women enjoy having a good fashion sense.	neutral
39	A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A child with mom and dad, on summer vacation at the beach.	neutral
40	A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the beach.	entailment
41	A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the mall shopping.	contradiction
42	People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.	The people waiting on the train are sitting.	neutral
43	People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.	There are people just getting on a train	entailment
44	People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.	There are people waiting on a train.	entailment
45	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are playing with a young child outside.	entailment
46	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.	neutral
47	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.	contradiction
48	A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is sitting down for dinner.	contradiction
49	A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is outside.	entailment
50	A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is on vacation.	neutral
51	A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.	The people are standing still on the curb.	contradiction
52	A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.	Near a couple of restaurants, two people walk across the street.	entailment
53	A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.	The couple are walking across the street together.	neutral
54	A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.	The woman is nake.	contradiction
55	A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.	The woman is cold.	neutral
56	A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.	The woman is wearing green.	entailment
57	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The man with the sign is caucasian.	neutral
58	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	They are protesting outside the capital.	contradiction
59	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A woman in white.	entailment
60	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A man is advertising for a restaurant.	entailment
61	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman is wearing black.	contradiction
62	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A man and a woman walk down a crowded city street.	neutral
63	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman is wearing white.	entailment
64	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	They are working for John's Pizza.	neutral
65	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	Olympic swimming.	contradiction
66	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A man and a soman are eating together at John's Pizza and Gyro.	contradiction
67	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	They are walking with a sign.	entailment
68	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman is waiting for a friend.	neutral
69	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in his arms.	contradiction
70	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman and man are outdoors.	entailment
71	Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A woman ordering pizza.	neutral
72	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	The people are related.	neutral
73	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them.	contradiction
74	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	The adults are both male and female.	entailment
75	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two people walk home after a tasty steak dinner.	neutral
76	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults swimming in water	contradiction
77	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walk across a street.	entailment
78	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel.	contradiction
79	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street.	entailment
80	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walking across a road near the convicted prisoner dressed in red	neutral
81	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two friends cross a street.	neutral
82	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Some people board a train.	contradiction
83	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walk across the street.	entailment
84	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walking across a road	entailment
85	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	There are no women in the picture.	contradiction
86	Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walk across the street to get away from a red shirted person who is chasing them.	neutral
87	A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.	A married couple is sleeping.	contradiction
88	A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.	A female is next to a man.	entailment
89	A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.	A married couple is walking next to each other.	neutral
90	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	Nobody has food.	contradiction
91	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A woman eats a banana and walks across a street, and there is a man trailing behind her.	entailment
92	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	The woman and man are playing baseball together.	contradiction
93	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	two coworkers cross pathes on a street	neutral
94	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk, and there is another woman in front of her with a purse.	contradiction
95	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	The mans briefcase is for work.	neutral
96	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A person eating.	entailment
97	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A person that is hungry.	neutral
98	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	An actress and her favorite assistant talk a walk in the city.	neutral
99	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	a woman eating a banana crosses a street	entailment
100	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	the woman is a seductress	neutral
101	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	a woman sits for lunch	contradiction
102	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	the woman is having coffee at the cafe	contradiction
103	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	The woman is eating a banana.	entailment
104	A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	the woman is outside	entailment
105	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is near the rail looking down.	neutral
106	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is near the rail.	entailment
107	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is away from the rail.	contradiction
108	A person on skis on a rail at night.	The woman eats a car	contradiction
109	A person on skis on a rail at night.	The person skiis	entailment
110	A person on skis on a rail at night.	They are fantastic skiiers	neutral
111	A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.	The skier was on the edge of the ramp.	neutral
112	A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.	The brightly dressed skier slid down the race course.	entailment
113	A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.	The jogger ran through the streets.	contradiction
114	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	A snowboarder is riding a ski lift.	contradiction
115	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	A skier is competing in a competition.	neutral
116	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	Somebody is engaging in winter sports.	entailment
117	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking water.	entailment
118	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is very thirsty.	neutral
119	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking coffee.	contradiction
120	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	The dog is sleeping in his bed.	contradiction
121	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	A dog is playing fetch in a pond.	neutral
122	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	A dog is in the water.	entailment
123	Closeup image of a dog swimming.	A cat reluctantly takes a bath.	contradiction
124	Closeup image of a dog swimming.	An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy.	neutral
125	Closeup image of a dog swimming.	A dog swims in a body of water.	entailment
126	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is chasing a fish.	neutral
127	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is swimming.	entailment
128	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is running around the yard.	contradiction
129	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog is chasing a stick.	contradiction
130	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.	neutral
131	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog swims towards the camera.	entailment
132	A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.	The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse-drawn cart.	neutral
133	A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.	The man with the gray hat and pitchfork is directing the cart.	entailment
134	A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.	The woman in a blue dress is hitching a horse to a cart.	contradiction
135	A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.	A man is walking with his horse up a country road.	entailment
136	A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.	A woman in a gray business suit is drinking tea.	contradiction
137	A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.	A man in a straw hat and overalls is walking with his horse up a country road.	neutral
138	A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.	The man is fertilizering his garden.	entailment
139	A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.	The man is on the city street with his horse and wagon.	contradiction
140	A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.	The man is in an open field with a horse and wagon.	neutral
141	A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.	A horse is hauling goods.	neutral
142	A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.	An animal is walking outside.	entailment
143	A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.	A man is watching a horse race.	contradiction
144	A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.	A group watches a practice.	entailment
145	A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.	The pastor and elders watch the choir to make sure they are good.	neutral
146	A dog drops a red disc on a beach.	a dog catch the ball on a beach	contradiction
147	A dog drops a red disc on a beach.	a dog drops a disc with a boy	neutral
148	A dog drops a red disc on a beach.	a dog drops a red disc	entailment
149	A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.	A married couple walks atop a hill.	neutral
150	A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.	A man and woman walk on a street.	entailment
151	A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.	Two men play catch on a hill.	contradiction
152	An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	An elderly man is drinking apple juice at a bar.	contradiction
153	An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	An older gentleman is enjoying his orange juice at a new cafe.	neutral
154	An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	An old man is enjoying a beverage at a cafe.	entailment
155	A couple holding hands walks down a street.	Two men hold hands while walking down the street.	neutral
156	A couple holding hands walks down a street.	There are people sitting on the side of the road.	contradiction
157	A couple holding hands walks down a street.	People are holding hands and walking.	entailment
158	A couple walk through a white brick town.	People are walking outdoors.	entailment
159	A couple walk through a white brick town.	A man and woman walk in a brown brick city.	contradiction
160	A couple walk through a white brick town.	A man and woman walk through a big city.	neutral
161	Children going home from school.	The children are at the library.	contradiction
162	Children going home from school.	The school children head home.	entailment
163	Children going home from school.	The children are walking in the afternooon.	neutral
164	People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.	People are listening to a metal band.	contradiction
165	People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.	Choir singing in mass.	entailment
166	People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.	People are in mass for a first communion	neutral
167	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A bicyclist is sitting down having lunch at the mall.	contradiction
168	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are outside.	entailment
169	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bicyclists waiting for a car to pass.	neutral
170	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A person on a bike is waiting while the light is green.	neutral
171	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicycles are on a road.	entailment
172	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A person on a bike is near a street.	entailment
173	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bikers stop and wait for traffic at the intersection.	entailment
174	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists ride through the mall on their bikes.	contradiction
175	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bicyclists waiting their turn to cross.	entailment
176	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bicyclists riding along a freeway.	contradiction
177	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are dead.	contradiction
178	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are riding to the book store.	neutral
179	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are in a race.	neutral
180	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are at home.	contradiction
181	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A group of bicyclists remain on the sidewalk at the intersection.	neutral
182	People waiting at a light on bikes.	A bunch of friends are on a boat	contradiction
183	People waiting at a light on bikes.	People with bikes.	entailment
184	People waiting at a light on bikes.	There are people on bikes at a light	neutral
185	People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are inside waiting.	contradiction
186	People waiting at a light on bikes.	There are some people outside.	entailment
187	People waiting at a light on bikes.	People are on their bikes.	entailment
188	People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are riding their bikes to the gym.	neutral
189	People waiting at a light on bikes.	People biking through the city.	neutral
190	People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are on bikes.	entailment
191	People waiting at a light on bikes.	There is traffic next to the bikes.	neutral
192	People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are running a red light.	contradiction
193	People waiting at a light on bikes.	People in a car race.	contradiction
194	People waiting at a light on bikes.	Men and women outside on a street corner.	entailment
195	People waiting at a light on bikes.	A ladybug has landed on a beautiful pink rose.	contradiction
196	People waiting at a light on bikes.	Men and women on their motorcycles, wearing helmets and protective jackets.	neutral
197	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are on skateboards.	contradiction
198	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People are riding their bicycles.	entailment
199	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	There is a bike race happening right now.	neutral
200	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People on bicycles enjoy a conversation waiting for traffic.	neutral
201	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are trying to get to the convenience store across the street.	neutral
202	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People wait on traffic.	entailment
203	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	Some people on bikes are stopped at a junction.	neutral
204	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People are waiting on foot.	contradiction
205	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	There are bicyclists stopped at a road.	entailment
206	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are sleeping.	contradiction
207	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are waiting for the movie to begin.	contradiction
208	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	More than one person on a bicycle is obeying traffic laws.	entailment
209	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People are on mountain bikes.	neutral
210	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	There are people on bicycles.	entailment
211	People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People on bicycles speed through an intersection.	contradiction
212	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The cart is empty.	contradiction
213	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is giving another man a piggyback ride.	contradiction
214	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A cart is full of items.	entailment
215	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is sleeping under a bench.	contradiction
216	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man watches another man.	entailment
217	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A produce vendor is watched by a health department worker.	neutral
218	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	Someone is on top of a cart full of items, while someone else observes.	entailment
219	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The man is watching a woman.	contradiction
220	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A merchant and his assistant are trying to determine how many products are in their cart.	neutral
221	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The cart is full of coal.	neutral
222	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is standing on top of a cart.	entailment
223	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The cart is filled to the top.	entailment
224	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The men are outside.	neutral
225	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man eats octopus.	contradiction
226	A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is standing on a cart full of groceries.	neutral
227	A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.	A male is getting a drink of water.	entailment
228	A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.	A sculptor takes a drink from a fountain that he made that looks like his girlfriend.	neutral
229	A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.	A man is drinking lemonade from a glass.	contradiction
230	three bikers stop in town.	cars stop in town	neutral
231	three bikers stop in town.	Bikers stop in towns	entailment
232	three bikers stop in town.	A town has witnessed the arrival of three bikers.	entailment
233	three bikers stop in town.	Thoes bikers are slowing down	neutral
234	three bikers stop in town.	The bikers are riding Harley's.	neutral
235	three bikers stop in town.	Three bikers are going 100 mph	contradiction
236	three bikers stop in town.	The bikers breathe water	contradiction
237	three bikers stop in town.	Bikers stop for gas	entailment
238	three bikers stop in town.	Three bicyclists are riding in a pack.	neutral
239	three bikers stop in town.	There is a very angry dog.	contradiction
240	three bikers stop in town.	Three bikers are taking a rest in the town.	neutral
241	three bikers stop in town.	The bikers are in the town.	entailment
242	three bikers stop in town.	A group of bikers are in the street.	entailment
243	three bikers stop in town.	The bikers didn't stop in the town.	contradiction
244	three bikers stop in town.	Five bikers are riding on the road.	contradiction
245	Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.	A man is carrying a canoe to the water.	contradiction
246	Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.	A couple of people are loading brush onto a trailer that is attached to a truck.	entailment
247	Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.	Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck so they can go camping and burn it.	neutral
248	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a bearded man pulls a rope	entailment
249	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A bearded man is pulling a rope at work.	neutral
250	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man pulls on a rope.	entailment
251	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	The man was on the job trying to move some equipment.	neutral
252	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a man pulls his beard	contradiction
253	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a bearded man is pulling a car with his teeth.	contradiction
254	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a man competes in a rope pulling contest	neutral
255	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is trying to pull his car out of a lake	neutral
256	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	The man was clean shaven.	contradiction
257	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A bearded man is pulling on a rope.	entailment
258	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is dragging a sled behind him.	neutral
259	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man in a swimsuit, swings on a rope.	contradiction
260	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
261	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is pulling on a rope.	entailment
262	A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	The man is able to grow a beard.	entailment
263	A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.	A man is naked on the bed.	contradiction
264	A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.	A man is wearing a red and gray shirt.	neutral
265	A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.	A man has facial hair.	entailment
266	A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.	The middle aged oriental woman is watchingt v	contradiction
267	A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.	A middle aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile	entailment
268	A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.	The middle aged oriental woman is very happy	neutral
269	An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.	An Asian woman is happy because she found money on the ground.	neutral
270	An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.	An Asian woman is smiling at while another lady is rowing.	entailment
271	An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.	An Asian woman is running from a dog.	contradiction
272	A boat worker securing line.	A worker is doing something to a boat.	entailment
273	A boat worker securing line.	The boat worker is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
274	A boat worker securing line.	The boat worker works hard to establish the line.	neutral
275	A small girl with a necklace is swimming.	A small girl with a necklace is swimming in a pool	neutral
276	A small girl with a necklace is swimming.	A fat girl is diving off the edge	contradiction
277	A small girl with a necklace is swimming.	A small girl with a necklace is in the water	entailment
278	a skateboarder skates in the pool.	A skate swims in the pool.	contradiction
279	a skateboarder skates in the pool.	A skater is in the pool.	entailment
280	a skateboarder skates in the pool.	A skater grinds on the lip of the pool.	neutral
281	A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization "Save the Children."	A man is wrapped in a UNICEF blanket.	contradiction
282	A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization "Save the Children."	A couple carrying a child are walking along water.	entailment
283	A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization "Save the Children."	An Indian couple is seeking refuge with a humanitarian organization.	neutral
284	There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.	A group of people are possing for an add.	entailment
285	There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.	A man and a woman are hoding their son.	neutral
286	There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.	A man is watching an airplane.	contradiction
287	A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.	Three adults are pictured.	contradiction
288	A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.	A man is wearing something with writing on it.	entailment
289	A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.	A woman is holding a baby.	neutral
290	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	they are riding a bike	contradiction
291	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	People are walking next to a lake.	neutral
292	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A foreigner group of cousins hike along a trail next to a stream.	neutral
293	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A foreign family walks by a dirt trail along a body of water.	entailment
294	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	The family is admiring the water	entailment
295	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	The people are driving a car on the freeway.	contradiction
296	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family of foreigners swims in the water.	contradiction
297	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	they are trying not to fall in the water	neutral
298	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A group of locals run on a dirt trail next to a frozen stream.	contradiction
299	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family of foreigners walks by the water.	entailment
300	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family walks along a dirt path.	entailment
301	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family plays board games at their dinner table.	contradiction
302	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	There is a family taking a walk outside.	entailment
303	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family walks along a dirt path in a forest by a pond.	neutral
304	A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family of foreigners walks by the lake.	neutral
305	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	People are looking at sculptures at a museum.	entailment
306	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	There are people next to sculptures.	entailment
307	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	A man and a woman are happily standing.	neutral
308	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	People standing near sculptures	entailment
309	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	Three people are looking at painting at a school fair.	contradiction
310	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	Nobody is standing.	contradiction
311	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	The sculptures are a recent creation.	neutral
312	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	A man and a woman are standing.	entailment
313	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	Tall people standing	neutral
314	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	The is a single sculpture.	contradiction
315	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	The man and woman are standing by a swimming pool.	contradiction
316	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	People are looking at scultures that were made by a famous artist.	neutral
317	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	There are sculptures of people.	neutral
318	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	There are scultupres nearby.	entailment
319	A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	A man and a woman are sitting.	contradiction
320	Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.	all the women are well dressed	neutral
321	Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.	all the young girls won the first prize	contradiction
322	Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.	there are some groups one of them of young females are in dresses strolling for a ramp walk	entailment
323	A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.	a man is photographing a man skateboarding.	entailment
324	A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.	a man is riding his scooter alone	contradiction
325	A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.	tony hawks manager is photographing tony hawk skateboarding	neutral
326	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is being taken by aliens.	contradiction
327	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	Photographers capture a male skateboarder performing tricks inside an abandoned building.	contradiction
328	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A woman is skateboarding with her boyfriend.	contradiction
329	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is performing a trick.	entailment
330	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man photographs a wedding.	contradiction
331	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking photos of his son doing tricks on the skateboard.	neutral
332	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man photographs Tony Hawk skateboarding.	neutral
333	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking photos of skateboarding tricks.	entailment
334	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	People take photos outdoors while a man performs exciting skateboarding tricks.	entailment
335	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is photographing another man.	entailment
336	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A pro photographer is taking pictures of a pro skater.	neutral
337	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	Two men are going down a water slide.	contradiction
338	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.	entailment
339	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man tries to get the perfect picture of a skateboarder for a magazine.	neutral
340	A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A male skateboarder performs tricks outdoors for professional photographers.	neutral
341	One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.	The people are driving cars	contradiction
342	One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.	The people are part of a club	neutral
343	One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.	People have bikes	entailment
344	Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.	Two people eating ice cream cones at the mall.	contradiction
345	Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.	Two people taking their bikes to the trail.	neutral
346	Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.	One person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.	entailment
347	A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A young man roller blades across a ramp while being photographed.	contradiction
348	A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A helmet-less young man does a trick on a skateboard while being photographed.	neutral
349	A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.	entailment
350	A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.	A lady is about to propose to her boyfriend.	neutral
351	A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.	A lady with a serious face is standing with two guys in front of steps outside.	entailment
352	A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.	Three guys are standing indoors with flowers in their hands.	contradiction
353	A man walking proudly down the street.	The man is in the theatre watching Avatar.	contradiction
354	A man walking proudly down the street.	The man is part of the gay pride parade.	neutral
355	A man walking proudly down the street.	A man is outside.	entailment
356	Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.	Four friends are having a competition to see who throws the most water out of a pool.	neutral
357	Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.	A group of young men are splashing a lot of water.	entailment
358	Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.	Some boys are eating pizza in a restaurant.	contradiction
359	Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.	The three men are by the lake.	neutral
360	Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.	The three men are outside.	entailment
361	Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.	The three men are indoors playing Foosball.	contradiction
362	A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.	A woman holding a blue basket full of food at a family cookout.	neutral
363	A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.	A woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.	entailment
364	A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.	A woman holding a blue basket full of easter eggs outside of a church.	contradiction
365	A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.	A car gets stuck in the water.	neutral
366	A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.	A car is in the shop.	contradiction
367	A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.	A car drives through the water.	entailment
368	many people relax in the yard.	A group of people are outside.	entailment
369	many people relax in the yard.	A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard.	neutral
370	many people relax in the yard.	People watch tv in their living room.	contradiction
371	A car sinking in water.	A car is flooding.	entailment
372	A car sinking in water.	A car has crashed into a large lake.	neutral
373	A car sinking in water.	A truck drives down a country road in the sunshine.	contradiction
374	A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.	A man is playing the guitar.	entailment
375	A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.	A man is singing as he plays guitar.	neutral
376	A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.	A man is playing the piano.	contradiction
377	A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.	The bald man played the drums.	contradiction
378	A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.	A guy stands on stage with his guitar.	entailment
379	A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.	One crazy looking man plays in a show.	neutral
380	woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor	The woman is carrying her child.	neutral
381	woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor	The woman is on a trolley.	entailment
382	woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor	The woman and child are on a subway train.	contradiction
383	Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.	Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting.	neutral
384	Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.	Coworkers left work and are driving to lunch.	contradiction
385	Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.	There are people at work.	entailment
386	Two ladies are reading through binders.	Two ladies are studying for their final exam.	neutral
387	Two ladies are reading through binders.	The girls are watching a movie.	contradiction
388	Two ladies are reading through binders.	Some women are reading.	entailment
389	A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.	A man walks away from a wall he has defaced.	neutral
390	A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.	A man sits and reads the graffiti on a wall.	contradiction
391	A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.	Grafffiti on a brick wall.	entailment
392	A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.	The people are not holding onto anything.	contradiction
393	A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.	The people are holding onto the rail.	entailment
394	A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.	The people are on a trolley in san Francisco.	neutral
395	A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.	The man is swimming	contradiction
396	A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.	The man is outside	neutral
397	A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.	The man seems happy	entailment
398	A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.	a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip	neutral
399	A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.	tony hawk is performing a skating trick	contradiction
400	A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.	a guy is performing a bike trick	entailment
401	A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.	The woman is wearing a coat.	entailment
402	A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.	The woman loves her blonde hair.	contradiction
403	A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.	The woman is guarding herself from the snow.	neutral
404	Two children play outside in a field.	A brother and sister chase each other in a field.	neutral
405	Two children play outside in a field.	Kids are playing outdoors.	entailment
406	Two children play outside in a field.	Two children are reading at their desks.	contradiction
407	One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.	A man runs outside.	contradiction
408	One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.	A male sitting indoors.	entailment
409	One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.	A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa.	neutral
410	Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.	Don't play with rocks	contradiction
411	Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.	Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field	entailment
412	Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.	Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field with family	neutral
413	Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.	Some girls are running through an open field.	neutral
414	Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.	Two girls are playing outside.	entailment
415	Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.	Some girls are running on the sidewalk, next to some parked cars.	contradiction
416	Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.	The children are at home eating lunch.	contradiction
417	Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.	The children are playing in a rocky field.	entailment
418	Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.	The children are playing catch.	neutral
419	A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.	The dancing woman is on the grass.	neutral
420	A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.	The woman in green and pink is dancing.	entailment
421	A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.	The dancing woman is alone in her bedroom.	contradiction
422	Man in gold pants looking at the camera.	Man looking at the camera.	entailment
423	Man in gold pants looking at the camera.	Man looking at something.	neutral
424	Man in gold pants looking at the camera.	Man is walking away to the hall.	contradiction
425	A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.	A man in a gold skirt sitting at his computer watching the computer screen.	entailment
426	A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.	A man in a golf skirt sitting at his computer typing to his friends online.	neutral
427	A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.	A man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.	contradiction
428	Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.	the man is working on the computer	entailment
429	Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.	the man called off work and was at the zoo all day	contradiction
430	Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.	the man is doing a project for work	neutral
431	A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.	A man is standing in the rain.	contradiction
432	A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.	A man waiting with his computer.	entailment
433	A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.	A man buying a new laptop.	neutral
434	A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.	a man is looking at his webcam	entailment
435	A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.	he is covering up his face	neutral
436	A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.	a man is sticking his tongue out	contradiction
437	A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head	A young girl has a bowl on her head	entailment
438	A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head	A toddler dumped her bowl of spaghetti on her head	neutral
439	A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head	A man is eating cereal in his car	contradiction
440	A man dances with a fire baton at night.	the crowd cheers as he peforms	neutral
441	A man dances with a fire baton at night.	the woman does a hula dance	contradiction
442	A man dances with a fire baton at night.	the man is dancing	entailment
443	A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.	The toddler is getting a checkup.	entailment
444	A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.	The doctor is looking inside the toddler's mouth.	contradiction
445	A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.	The toddle might be sick.	neutral
446	Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain	A young woman wearing an evening gown, and holding her shoes in her hands, is dipping one foot into Buckingham Fountain in Chicago.	neutral
447	Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain	A young blond woman is sitting down on a beach chair.	contradiction
448	Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain	A person is dipping her foot into water.	entailment
449	A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	The woman is riding a train.	contradiction
450	A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	A woman is near a fountain.	entailment
451	A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	The woman has one foot in the air.	entailment
452	A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.	A woman is walking in park	contradiction
453	A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.	A woman is very eager to touch the water	neutral
454	A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.	A woman is like to touch the water in fountain	entailment
455	Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.	A woman stand on a fountain and dips her toes in.	entailment
456	Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.	A woman sits on the grassy ground.	contradiction
457	Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.	An old woman stands on a fountain and sticks her toes in.	neutral
458	A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.	The couple is outdoors.	entailment
459	A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.	The couple is married.	neutral
460	A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.	The couple is having dinner at a restaurant.	contradiction
461	A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.	A man stares at a passing couple.	entailment
462	A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.	The man is jealous of the couple.	neutral
463	A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.	The woman stares at a couple as they argue down the block.	contradiction
464	a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.	couple walking home	neutral
465	a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.	couple walking	entailment
466	a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.	bear in zoo	contradiction
467	A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.	A married couple are fighting on the sidewalk.	contradiction
468	A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.	A married couple are holding hands as they walk along the city sidewalk.	neutral
469	A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.	A man and a woman are holding hands.	entailment
470	a man in red stands with his child at the beach.	A man wearing blue sleeping with his child in his lap inside his home.	contradiction
471	a man in red stands with his child at the beach.	A man wearing red standing with his child at a beach overlooking the ocean.	neutral
472	a man in red stands with his child at the beach.	A man wearing red standing with his child as they watch others build sand castles at the beach.	neutral
473	New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.	People are playing a sport in honor of crippled people.	entailment
474	New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.	People are playing football without gear.	contradiction
475	New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.	People a playing a sport to help fund a crippled people fund.	neutral
476	Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	Two sad men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	neutral
477	Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	Two people in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	entailment
478	Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	Two women in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	contradiction
479	Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.	Some wheelchair basketball players playing the basketball match.	neutral
480	Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.	Three wheelchair basketball players playing basketball in field.	entailment
481	Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.	A peoples are taking coffee together at coffeshop.	contradiction
482	Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.	Four guys are playing cards.	contradiction
483	Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.	Four guys are playing basketball.	entailment
484	Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.	The four players are handicapped.	neutral
485	Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.	the dogs are fighting	contradiction
486	Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.	there are three dogs	entailment
487	Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.	the dog playing	neutral
488	Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.	Two puppies bite their mother, while she pants.	neutral
489	Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.	Two dogs are sleeping while a third eats its food.	contradiction
490	Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.	A pair of dogs tease a third with nibbles.	entailment
491	Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.	The puppies are sleeping in a basket.	contradiction
492	Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.	They are playing at the dog park.	neutral
493	Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.	Three puppies are playing outside.	entailment
494	Two dogs biting another dog in a field.	dogs bitting	neutral
495	Two dogs biting another dog in a field.	dogs attacking another dog	entailment
496	Two dogs biting another dog in a field.	dog sitting in filed	contradiction
497	Tourists waiting at a train stop.	Tourist walking around an art museum.	contradiction
498	Tourists waiting at a train stop.	A group of tourist waiting for a train outside.	neutral
499	Tourists waiting at a train stop.	A group of tourist waiting for a train at a train station.	entailment
500	A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.	a old man was talking	entailment
501	A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.	the boys were angry	contradiction
502	A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.	the child was happy	neutral
503	A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.	A female is leaving a movie theatre.	neutral
504	A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.	A woman walking outside.	entailment
505	A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.	A woman is cleaning up.	contradiction
506	A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.	A man stands.	entailment
507	A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.	My love's like a red, red wig.	contradiction
508	A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.	Others are nearby.	neutral
509	Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.	A woman eats a pickle.	contradiction
510	Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.	Two people dancing outdoors.	entailment
511	Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.	Two people dancing while a band performs.	neutral
512	Two older men are talking.	Two people are having a conversation.	entailment
513	Two older men are talking.	Men are exchanging ideas.	neutral
514	Two older men are talking.	A crowd is talking over each other.	contradiction
515	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	They are going fast.	neutral
516	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A biker is doing jumps by trees.	entailment
517	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	They aren't on bikes.	contradiction
518	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike.	neutral
519	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker is jumping into a hole.	entailment
520	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A person rides a bike outdoors.	entailment
521	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker can be a man or a woman	neutral
522	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	There's a biker	entailment
523	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area.	neutral
524	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker is using a small bike to jump a hole.	neutral
525	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	They are avoiding trees.	entailment
526	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The mountain biker is going on a desert trail.	contradiction
527	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker is trying to jump over a volcano.	contradiction
528	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	He's indoors	contradiction
529	A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A person is riding in a bobsled.	contradiction
530	Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.	The old men are discussing the weather.	neutral
531	Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.	Two old men in winter coats talk outside.	entailment
532	Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.	The old men are wearing raincoats.	contradiction
533	Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	The men are drinking coffee and having some cookies	contradiction
534	Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	The men are sleeping	contradiction
535	Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	There are two men outside in this picture	entailment
536	Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.	Two men preparing for a snowball fight.	neutral
537	Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.	People are near snow.	entailment
538	Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.	Men making snow angels.	contradiction
539	Two older men in coats are standing outside.	These men never wore coats.	contradiction
540	Two older men in coats are standing outside.	They are outside wearing coats.	entailment
541	Two older men in coats are standing outside.	It is cold, but they went outside anyway.	neutral
542	A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.	A woman is brushing her hair in her bedroom.	contradiction
543	A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.	A man is holding an accordian.	entailment
544	A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.	A man is looking at a hundreds of dollars.	neutral
545	BMX biker jumps over a ravine.	ravine jumping is never easy	neutral
546	BMX biker jumps over a ravine.	there is a bmx biker who is perfect in ravine jumping	entailment
547	BMX biker jumps over a ravine.	anybody can do ravine jumping	contradiction
548	A white bike is tied to a street sign.	the bike is tied to a stop sign	neutral
549	A white bike is tied to a street sign.	the car is parked at the sign	contradiction
550	A white bike is tied to a street sign.	the bike is tied to a sign	entailment
551	A white bike is leaning against a post.	A bike is on the ground about to be reparied	contradiction
552	A white bike is leaning against a post.	A bike with a flat tire is not being ridden	neutral
553	A white bike is leaning against a post.	A bike it outside	entailment
554	The boy locked the cycle and went away.	A boy riding a bike.	contradiction
555	The boy locked the cycle and went away.	A boy walking away.	entailment
556	The boy locked the cycle and went away.	A bicycle chained up with a boy walking away.	neutral
557	A crowded city during daytime.	A city filled with people in the middle of the daytime.	entailment
558	A crowded city during daytime.	A abandoned city at the edge of the world.	contradiction
559	A crowded city during daytime.	A crowded city filled with many cars on a warm summer day.	neutral
560	People walking around in a big city.	People are walking to the park.	neutral
561	People walking around in a big city.	People are outside.	entailment
562	People walking around in a big city.	The people are asleep.	contradiction
563	A busy city that looks like New York City.	The city has a lot of people in it.	entailment
564	A busy city that looks like New York City.	The city is very large.	neutral
565	A busy city that looks like New York City.	The city looks like Lawrence, Kansas.	contradiction
566	A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.	There is a city.	entailment
567	A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.	The field of poppies is perfectly still.	contradiction
568	A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.	Times Square in New York City is full of people and bustling with noise and activity.	neutral
569	A woman is making a clay pot.	A man is painting a painting.	contradiction
570	A woman is making a clay pot.	A woman is making a flower pot.	neutral
571	A woman is making a clay pot.	An artist is sculpting with clay.	entailment
572	A barber waiting for customers.	A barber is inside his shop standing in the front.	neutral
573	A barber waiting for customers.	A barber is at work.	entailment
574	A barber waiting for customers.	The barber is closing the shop at the end of the day.	contradiction
575	A man sitting in a barber shop.	There is an individual waiting indoors.	entailment
576	A man sitting in a barber shop.	A man is waiting to get his haircut.	neutral
577	A man sitting in a barber shop.	A man is brushing his teeth.	contradiction
578	A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.	A woman happily preparing to glaze	neutral
579	A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.	A woman not preparing to glaze	contradiction
580	A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.	A woman preparing to glaze	entailment
581	A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	A woman wearing gloves is washing dishes.	contradiction
582	A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	A woman wearing a red apron inspects a large black pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	neutral
583	A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	A woman is wearing an apron.	entailment
584	A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.	A man is modeling for a cooking show.	contradiction
585	A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.	A woman is trying to model for a sports magazine.	neutral
586	A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.	A model is doing a shoot.	entailment
587	Firemen emerge from a subway station.	Firemen walking outside	entailment
588	Firemen emerge from a subway station.	The station is empty	contradiction
589	Firemen emerge from a subway station.	The firemen are not working	neutral
590	Exhausted looking firemen are walking.	Firemen are walking.	entailment
591	Exhausted looking firemen are walking.	Exhausted looking firemen are walking back to the fire station to rest.	neutral
592	Exhausted looking firemen are walking.	Determined looking firemen are running into a burning building.	contradiction
593	Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.	Three man are holding axes in their left hands.	contradiction
594	Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.	The three firefighters are discussing sports.	neutral
595	Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.	The firemen are gathered one is holding his helmet.	entailment
596	A man walking along side a clean up crew.	The man directed the clean up crew where to go.	neutral
597	A man walking along side a clean up crew.	The woman jogged alongside the crew.	contradiction
598	A man walking along side a clean up crew.	The man walked alongside the crew.	entailment
599	A little boy swims underwater.	A boy floats on top of water.	contradiction
600	A little boy swims underwater.	A little boy swimming at a beach.	neutral
601	A little boy swims underwater.	A child swimming.	entailment
602	A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.	A man has parked his truck.	contradiction
603	A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.	A Ford is being driven on a track.	entailment
604	A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.	A man is racing his truck.	neutral
605	Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.	The people are all climbing out of the water.	contradiction
606	Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.	The people are all jumping into a body of water.	entailment
607	Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.	The people are all friends.	neutral
608	A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.	The toy is waterproof.	neutral
609	A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.	The Lone Ranger swims again.	contradiction
610	A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.	Small boy in pool holds toy.	entailment
611	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A little boy is chasing a dog.	contradiction
612	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A little boy is holding a pool ring.	neutral
613	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A little boy is underwater.	entailment
614	A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.	A man is riding in his first rodeo.	neutral
615	A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.	A rodeo clown chases a bull.	contradiction
616	A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.	A man is being bucked on a horse.	entailment
617	A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.	The man rides an animal.	entailment
618	A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.	The man is trying not to fall.	neutral
619	A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.	The man is riding a motorcycle.	contradiction
620	a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.	A woman is using a machine to make coconut milk.	neutral
621	a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.	A woman is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
622	a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.	A woman is at a machine.	entailment
623	A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.	The man is boiling a pot of corn.	contradiction
624	A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.	There is a person processing vegetables.	entailment
625	A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.	A man is shucking a large pile of corn.	neutral
626	a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.	The woman is making jewelry at the park.	neutral
627	a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.	The woman has a small child trapped in the machine who sews clothes.	contradiction
628	a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.	The woman is outdoors with a machine.	entailment
629	A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.	A child is wearing a bandana.	contradiction
630	A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.	A person is cooking mexican food.	neutral
631	A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.	A person is cooking.	entailment
632	A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.	The man is wearing a blue shirt.	contradiction
633	A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.	The man is running.	entailment
634	A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.	The man is wearing headphones.	neutral
635	Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.	The women are exercising.	entailment
636	Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.	The women are both dressing in green.	contradiction
637	Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.	The women are doing yoga.	neutral
638	Students practicing yoga in a class setting.	The students are taking a beginners' yoga class.	neutral
639	Students practicing yoga in a class setting.	The students solve equations on the board.	contradiction
640	Students practicing yoga in a class setting.	A yoga class is in progress.	entailment
641	People are stretching on yoga mats.	They stretched on yoga mats outside.	neutral
642	People are stretching on yoga mats.	The people stretched on yoga mats.	entailment
643	People are stretching on yoga mats.	They stretched on bikes.	contradiction
644	A group of people are doing yoga.	The people are doing yoga	entailment
645	A group of people are doing yoga.	The people are working out	neutral
646	A group of people are doing yoga.	The people are sleep.	contradiction
647	Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.	Two women are walking with strollers.	contradiction
648	Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.	Men watching motorcyclist.	entailment
649	Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.	Motorcylist performing in annual race.	neutral
650	The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.	The girls are climbing a tree	contradiction
651	The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.	There is a young person talking with others near the bustop	neutral
652	The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.	there is a group of people waiting outside	entailment
653	Two people pose for the camera.	People pose for a picture.	entailment
654	Two people pose for the camera.	People pose for a family picture.	neutral
655	Two people pose for the camera.	Two people are yelling.	contradiction
656	A man is sleeping on the grass.	The man is laying down to sleep	entailment
657	A man is sleeping on the grass.	The man is checking into a 4 star hotel	contradiction
658	A man is sleeping on the grass.	The man is sleeping on the grass because he is homeless	neutral
659	A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.	The white and brown dog is in the air.	entailment
660	A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.	The dog is taking a nap.	contradiction
661	A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.	The dog is catching a frisbee.	neutral
662	A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A young boy eats a sandwich.	contradiction
663	A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A young boy sits on the ground in a family picture.	neutral
664	A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A boy sits at peoples feet.	entailment
665	A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.	A man is wearing blue.	entailment
666	A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.	The man is tired.	neutral
667	A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.	The man is drinking a beer in a pub.	contradiction
668	Various people hanging around outside of a building.	The people are inside playing soccer.	contradiction
669	Various people hanging around outside of a building.	The people are on lunch break.	neutral
670	Various people hanging around outside of a building.	There are a group of people are standing outside.	entailment
671	A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.	The people are outside.	entailment
672	A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.	The little girl is riding a horse.	contradiction
673	A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.	The people are walking home in the rain.	neutral
674	A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.	She is packing.	entailment
675	A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.	The girl is going on a trip.	neutral
676	A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.	The woman is standing up unpacking.	contradiction
677	Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.	A girl is running on the trail.	entailment
678	Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.	A boy is hiking on the trail.	contradiction
679	Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.	A girl is running downhill on the trail.	neutral
680	Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.	3 people are walking along a path.	entailment
681	Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.	2 people are on the path.	contradiction
682	Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.	three people are walking along a path trying to get home before the storm hits.	neutral
683	The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	A blonde woman looks for things in a suitcase.	entailment
684	The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.	neutral
685	The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	A brunette woman checks her suitcase before boarding a plane.	contradiction
686	Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.	A woman is packing for a trip.	neutral
687	Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.	A man is packing his golf clubs.	contradiction
688	Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.	A woman is filling a suitcase.	entailment
689	A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.	A young man packs belongings into a black trash bag.	contradiction
690	A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.	A young woman distributes belongings into a black box.	neutral
691	A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.	A young woman packs belongings into a black luggage carrier.	entailment
692	People going for a long walk to the mountains.	The people are walking in a big group.	neutral
693	People going for a long walk to the mountains.	The people are running towards the mountains.	contradiction
694	People going for a long walk to the mountains.	The people are walking outdoors.	entailment
695	A man resting on a street.	A man sitting on a street.	neutral
696	A man resting on a street.	A man jogging on the street.	contradiction
697	A man resting on a street.	A man resting on a street.	entailment
698	A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.	Highschool homcoming marching band is marching.	neutral
699	A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.	The drum lady drive a bus.	contradiction
700	A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.	She plays in a band.	entailment
701	A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.	Someone is toting packages in an urban setting.	entailment
702	A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.	A young lad delivers groceries by bicycle in the city.	contradiction
703	A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.	A man delivers groceries to shut-in seniors in the city.	neutral
704	a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A man doing a wheelie	entailment
705	a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A man standing beside a crashed motorcycle	contradiction
706	a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A motorcyclist doing a wheelie	entailment
707	A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.	A man is waiting for someone to fix his scooter.	neutral
708	A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.	A man is outside, near the street.	entailment
709	A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.	A man is relaxing at the bar.	contradiction
710	A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.	The man is playing basketball.	contradiction
711	A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.	The man is standing.	entailment
712	A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.	The man is lighting a cigarette.	neutral
713	A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.	A man is sitting on a motorcycle.	entailment
714	A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.	A man is sitting on a motorcycle and drives away.	neutral
715	A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.	A man in black is playing with his cat on Sunday.	contradiction
716	Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.	A man smokes a cigarette while sitting on his scooter.	neutral
717	Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.	The man drinks a beer while sitting in his car.	contradiction
718	Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.	The man is smoking something while sitting on the scooter.	entailment
719	Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.	A man on the motorcycle	neutral
720	Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.	Man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk	entailment
721	Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.	A man driving his car	contradiction
722	A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.	The woman danced alone.	contradiction
723	A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.	The couple danced.	entailment
724	A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.	The couple danced in the competition.	neutral
725	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are running for a charity.	neutral
726	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	the runners waited to start the olympic race	neutral
727	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People wearing pink and purple get ready for a race	contradiction
728	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People wearing their bright team uniforms await the pistol that signifies the start of their race	neutral
729	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are having a cook off.	contradiction
730	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People in orange vests await the beginning of a race to win first prize.	neutral
731	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People wait for a race to begin.	entailment
732	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	The people waiting are part of the race.	neutral
733	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	the athlete backflips off of a mountain	contradiction
734	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People in orange vests are racing in a race that has started.	contradiction
735	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People in orange vests await the beginning of a race.	entailment
736	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are wearing colorful clothes	entailment
737	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are racing backwards through Hell.	contradiction
738	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are waiting for a race.	entailment
739	People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	the runners waited to start the race	entailment
740	A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.	They movie is very loud in the background.	neutral
741	A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.	The people dance on the sidewalk.	contradiction
742	A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.	The two people are dancing.	entailment
743	The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.	The skier is in a competition.	neutral
744	The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.	The skier is wearing a jumpsuit.	entailment
745	The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.	The skateboard is wearing a blue jumpsuit.	contradiction
746	A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.	J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event.	entailment
747	A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.	The track event has no security.	contradiction
748	A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.	Security guards are searching for weapons at a track event.	neutral
749	Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	The couple are dancing together.	neutral
750	Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	The people are moving.	entailment
751	Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	Two people are eating dinner.	contradiction
752	An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.	There is a farmer laying down outdoors	contradiction
753	An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.	There is a farmer with a horse wagon	entailment
754	An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.	There is a farmer riding a wagon outdoors	neutral
755	Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.	Old men playing soccer while the sun sets.	contradiction
756	Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.	Children playing soccer while the sun sets.	entailment
757	Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.	Girls playing soccer while the sun sets.	neutral
758	A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.	No one is playing soccer.	contradiction
759	A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.	People are playing soccer for a competition.	neutral
760	A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.	People are playing soccer.	entailment
761	Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.	Two skilled soccer teams are competing against one another for the championship.	neutral
762	Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.	There is a soccer game.	entailment
763	Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.	Two baseball teams are competing.	contradiction
764	Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.	Soccer teams are competing outdoors.	entailment
765	Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.	A football team is playing hockey against a soccer team in an ice rink.	contradiction
766	Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.	A soccer team is about to win a soccer game.	neutral
767	two men serving preparing food.	Two men riding bikes.	contradiction
768	two men serving preparing food.	Two men wearing aprons.	neutral
769	two men serving preparing food.	Two men serving food.	entailment
770	A soccer game occurring at sunset.	a sports game is being played	entailment
771	A soccer game occurring at sunset.	the world cup is being played	neutral
772	A soccer game occurring at sunset.	a basketball game is ocurring at sunrise	contradiction
773	White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.	A small child is playing video games in his bedroom.	contradiction
774	White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.	A child plays at a park.	entailment
775	White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.	A small boy is playing tag at a park with his friends.	neutral
776	A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.	There is a little boy in brown pants.	entailment
777	A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.	There is a little girl in red pants.	contradiction
778	A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.	There is a little boy who likes the color brown.	neutral
779	Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.	A child takes a break from school.	neutral
780	Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.	A child is napping.	contradiction
781	Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.	A child plays on a playground.	entailment
782	A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.	The woman is wondering if she left her car open.	neutral
783	A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.	The woman is wearing a grocery bag to her car.	contradiction
784	A man in a blue shirt is looking up.	A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog.	neutral
785	A man in a blue shirt is looking up.	A man in a red shirt is looking up.	contradiction
786	A man in a blue shirt is looking up.	A person looks up.	entailment
787	Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.	There are three girls	entailment
788	Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.	The girls are at home	contradiction
789	Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.	The girls like amusment parks	neutral
790	Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.	The woman bought unhealthy food	neutral
791	Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.	The woman is in Target	contradiction
792	Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.	A woman is in Walmart	entailment
793	Brown dog treads through water.	Brown dog is sleeping next to the water	contradiction
794	Brown dog treads through water.	Brown dog treads through water as he is soaked in water	entailment
795	Brown dog treads through water.	Brown dog treads through water as he swims towards shore	neutral
796	A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.	A woman is standing at the counter at Target.	contradiction
797	A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.	A woman has children with her at the check out counter.	entailment
798	A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.	A woman has three children with her.	neutral
799	A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.	A mother is with her two children at Walmart buying food	neutral
800	A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.	Food makes people hungry	contradiction
801	A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.	A mother is with her two children at walmart	entailment
802	A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.	A monkey is eating a banana.	contradiction
803	A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.	A woman is modeling appliances for the camera.	neutral
804	A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.	There is a woman in a room.	entailment
805	A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.	A boy is boating in a pond.	neutral
806	A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.	A boy is in a boat.	entailment
807	A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.	A boy is swimming.	contradiction
808	A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.	A baseball playing is throwing a ball	neutral
809	A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.	A baseball player is swinging to hit the ball.	entailment
810	A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.	A baseball is broken	contradiction
811	A dog zips along the beach.	A dog is chasing a ball on the beach.	neutral
812	A dog zips along the beach.	A dog is sleeping in the living room.	contradiction
813	A dog zips along the beach.	A dog is outside.	entailment
814	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog is running up the stairs at home.	contradiction
815	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog is running with his owner outside.	neutral
816	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog is running outside.	entailment
817	A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.	A dog runs across the beach.	entailment
818	A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.	A dog chases birds on the beach.	neutral
819	A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.	A dog snuggle down under blankets on the couch.	contradiction
820	A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.	A dog on the beach.	entailment
821	A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.	A seagull on the dock.	contradiction
822	A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.	A dog runs after his boy and the frisbee.	neutral
823	A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.	Player is giving the ball away	neutral
824	A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.	Pitcher is winding up a throw	entailment
825	A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.	The player tossed the football	contradiction
826	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	The cheerleaders are wearing blue.	neutral
827	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	An empty field.	contradiction
828	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Some people are cheering on a field.	entailment
829	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders are waiting for the game to begin.	neutral
830	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	The football player killed the cheerleader with his bullet pass.	contradiction
831	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	The Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders are trying to pump-up the crowd.	neutral
832	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	There are people outdoors.	entailment
833	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders cheer on a field for an activity.	entailment
834	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	People cheering.	entailment
835	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	People sit on the snow-covered bench.	contradiction
836	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders cheering.	entailment
837	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Some football players are practicing a running play.	contradiction
838	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	The cheerleaders cheer for the start of the big game.	neutral
839	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders cheer for the football team.	neutral
840	Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	An old man wearing a diaper.	contradiction
841	A woman holding a boombox.	A man holding a boombox.	contradiction
842	A woman holding a boombox.	A sad woman holding a boombox.	neutral
843	A woman holding a boombox.	A person holding a boombox.	entailment
844	A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat looks at the camera	entailment
845	A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat smiles at the camera	neutral
846	A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat is on her cellphone	contradiction
847	Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.	The cheerleaders are wearing black and red uniforms.	neutral
848	Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.	The cheerleaders are wearing clothes.	entailment
849	Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.	The cheerleaders are at the basketball arena.	contradiction
850	An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.	A human standing.	entailment
851	An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.	A tall human stanindg.	neutral
852	An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.	Nobody is standing.	contradiction
853	A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.	A lady is close to the floor.	entailment
854	A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.	A lady is kneeling before the priest at church.	neutral
855	A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.	The woman is doing jumping jacks outside.	contradiction
856	The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.	The people are by the wall.	entailment
857	The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.	The people are running down the country road.	contradiction
858	The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.	The wall is painted.	neutral
859	Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.	A man and a woman are standing next to each other and communicating through sign language.	neutral
860	Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.	A man is sitting with his hands in his pockets.	contradiction
861	Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.	Two people are next to each other.	entailment
862	A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.	the dog is in the water	entailment
863	A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.	the dog is swimming by itself	neutral
864	A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.	the dog is eating out of his favorite bowl in the kitchen	contradiction
865	A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.	A crowd gesticulates.	entailment
866	A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.	They are raising money.	neutral
867	A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.	No one is watching them.	contradiction
868	A baby is playing with a strand of beads.	The beads are multi-colored.	neutral
869	A baby is playing with a strand of beads.	The baby is sleeping.	contradiction
870	A baby is playing with a strand of beads.	The baby is playing.	entailment
871	People are on a stage performing.	people are sleeping	contradiction
872	People are on a stage performing.	people are singing onstage	neutral
873	People are on a stage performing.	pwople are on stage	entailment
874	A woman is running a marathon in a park.	The woman is running in her backyard.	contradiction
875	A woman is running a marathon in a park.	The woman is running fast.	neutral
876	A woman is running a marathon in a park.	The woman is outdoors.	entailment
877	A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.	A group of people point forwards while doing something.	entailment
878	A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.	A group of people fight using tigers.	contradiction
879	A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.	A group of people point somewhere while speaking.	neutral
880	Several people are dancing together in sync.	kids are fighting each other.	contradiction
881	Several people are dancing together in sync.	man and woman dancing together.	neutral
882	Several people are dancing together in sync.	people are dancing.	entailment
883	Group of people dancing	people dance together	entailment
884	Group of people dancing	people are dancing with one another during a religious ritual	neutral
885	Group of people dancing	dogs are mating	contradiction
886	An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.	A couple is inside watching TV.	contradiction
887	An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.	A couple is in a hot tub.	entailment
888	An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.	A couple is in a hot tub outside.	neutral
889	An average looking man is playing the guitar.	The man knows how to play guitar.	entailment
890	An average looking man is playing the guitar.	The man can play the guitar well.	neutral
891	An average looking man is playing the guitar.	The man is playing the drums.	contradiction
892	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	three dogs are chasing a ball	neutral
893	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	three dogs are outside	entailment
894	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	three dogs are laying in a couch	contradiction
895	A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.	A man and woman are walking down opposite sides of the street.	contradiction
896	A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.	A couple of people are holding hands while walking.	entailment
897	A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.	A newlywed couple hold hands and skip down the street.	neutral
898	A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.	A man searches the internet sitting down.	neutral
899	A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.	A woman drinks a beer at her desk.	contradiction
900	A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.	A man sits at a desk.	entailment
901	A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.	Someone is filming.	entailment
902	A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.	Everyone wearing formal clothes is inside.	contradiction
903	A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.	Someone is operating a microphone.	neutral
904	man sitting down playing a game of chess alone	A guy playing a board game by himself.	entailment
905	man sitting down playing a game of chess alone	The man taking a snooze.	contradiction
906	man sitting down playing a game of chess alone	A human sitting down playing one game of chess alone.	neutral
907	Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.	group of people running	entailment
908	Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.	women runs for her life	neutral
909	Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.	women has coffee with two guys	contradiction
910	A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.	A man in a blue shirt sitting outside behind a large wooden chessboard.	neutral
911	A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.	Someone sitting outside behind a chessboard.	entailment
912	A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.	Two elderly men playing Scrabble.	contradiction
913	A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.	Two men are playing chess	neutral
914	A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.	The man is jogging	contradiction
915	A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.	A man is playing a game	entailment
916	A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.	A man sits in front of a set up chess game.	entailment
917	A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.	A man is waiting for his chess opponent to arrive.	neutral
918	A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.	A grandma plays a game of connect four at the rotary club meeting.	contradiction
919	A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.	A young man is sitting.	entailment
920	A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.	A young man is on Mars.	contradiction
921	A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.	A young man is indoors.	neutral
922	Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.	The men are drinking.	entailment
923	Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.	The men are being sprayed with cans of paint while they are passes out drunk in the alley.	contradiction
924	Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.	The men are standing in urine.	neutral
925	A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.	The helicopter is moving people in danger.	neutral
926	A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.	A man is being moved.	entailment
927	A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.	The helicopter is putting people in a dangerous area.	contradiction
928	People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.	The people are listening to music on their CD players.	contradiction
929	People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.	The people are listening to a speaker.	entailment
930	People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.	The speaker is the people's boss.	neutral
931	A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.	young people are at a party having fun	contradiction
932	A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.	young people are learning about politics	neutral
933	A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.	young people are gathered around a table	entailment
934	A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.	the woman is going to the park.	neutral
935	A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.	the woman is swimming in the lake.	contradiction
936	A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.	the woman is wearing a red shirt.	entailment
937	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to others indoors.	entailment
938	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a woman in an office building talks to a group of three taking notes on a notepad	neutral
939	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a man talks to ducks in a pond	contradiction
940	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	the woman is white	neutral
941	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a woman in an office building talks to two other women and a man with notepads	entailment
942	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to dogs inside an office building.	contradiction
943	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	the woman is asleep at home	contradiction
944	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	The people are outside of the building looking inside.	contradiction
945	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a woman is talking	entailment
946	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to others indoors about lunch.	neutral
947	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	Four people stand near a wall speaking to each other.	entailment
948	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to three other women.	contradiction
949	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman happily talks to two other women.	neutral
950	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	The group are discussing a project.	neutral
951	A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to two other women.	entailment
952	A classroom of students discussing lecture.	The students are running in P.E. class.	contradiction
953	A classroom of students discussing lecture.	A classroom is discussing the topics of the day.	entailment
954	A classroom of students discussing lecture.	The students are discussing the lecture in history class.	neutral
955	A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.	The man is working	neutral
956	A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.	The woman is asleep	contradiction
957	A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.	A woman is looking at a man's possessions	entailment
958	A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.	A couple are eating dinner.	contradiction
959	A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.	A couple is standing outside.	neutral
960	A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.	A couple is talking.	entailment
961	A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.	A man wants a woman to look at his clipboard	entailment
962	A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.	a man is trying to get a woman to sign something	neutral
963	A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.	A man takes off his shirt to get a womans attention	contradiction
964	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man is wearing a gold shirt	contradiction
965	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man shows his boss something on a clipboard.	neutral
966	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man shows a woman something.	entailment
967	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The man has something to tell the woman.	entailment
968	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	Two people are looking at a clipboard.	entailment
969	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The woman is wearing blue.	contradiction
970	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man is teaching a woman a concept	neutral
971	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	There is a man and a woman.	entailment
972	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	Two people are looking at notes on an electronic tablet.	contradiction
973	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The man is drinking a cup of coffee.	contradiction
974	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man is wearing a bright green shirt	entailment
975	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The man and the woman are employees at the same business.	neutral
976	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard.	neutral
977	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The woman shows the man a clipboard.	contradiction
978	A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The clipboard has writting on it.	neutral
979	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man is showing a woman a funny video on his tablet	neutral
980	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The tablet is turned on.	neutral
981	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man is on another street than the woman.	contradiction
982	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man and woman are outdoors.	entailment
983	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man and a woman are outside.	entailment
984	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man and a woman are eating in a resteraunt.	contradiction
985	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man is stealing a woman's tablet	contradiction
986	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A woman shows a cell phone to a person standing nearby.	contradiction
987	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A couple are using a tablet to watch a video on the street.	neutral
988	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A woman is shown a tablet by a man standing on the street.	entailment
989	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man having cell phone in his hand	neutral
990	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby.	neutral
991	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	There are some people in a street	entailment
992	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man handover the cell phone to the woman	contradiction
993	A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man is showing a woman something	entailment
994	A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.	The child spilled his milk.	neutral
995	A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.	The child has a clean face.	contradiction
996	A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.	The child had milk all over his face.	entailment
997	Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.	Two men are barefoot on the lawn.	entailment
998	Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.	Two men in sandles are on the beach.	contradiction
999	Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.	Two men are playing barefoot lawn darts.	neutral
1000	Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.	The child is happy.	entailment
1001	Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.	A child is drinking apple juice.	neutral
1002	Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.	A child is throwing a tantrum.	contradiction
1003	A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.	the kid has milk on his face on a school day	neutral
1004	A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.	the dog eats mice	contradiction
1005	A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.	the kid has milk on his face	entailment
1006	Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.	The music is loud.	neutral
1007	Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.	Thre are girls.	entailment
1008	Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.	The player is a cd player.	contradiction
1009	A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.	A man is being pulled by himself.	contradiction
1010	A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.	A man is running  behind a sled.	entailment
1011	A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.	A man is racing with the dogs.	neutral
1012	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child has milk on their face.	entailment
1013	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child was making a mess with milk.	entailment
1014	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A toddler with juice around his mouth.	contradiction
1015	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	Toddler eating milk.	contradiction
1016	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child threw up milk on himself.	neutral
1017	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child.	entailment
1018	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	Toddler wearing mik	entailment
1019	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A man spills beer on his shirt.	contradiction
1020	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The toddler has milk around the corners of his mouth.	entailment
1021	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The toddler has icecream around his mouth.	contradiction
1022	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The child was well groomed.	contradiction
1023	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	Toddler drinking milk.	neutral
1024	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A toddler just drank his first glass of milk.	neutral
1025	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The child was still unable to drink milk properly.	neutral
1026	Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The toddler with milk around his mouth is making a mess.	neutral
1027	A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.	The man is swimming with his dogs.	contradiction
1028	A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.	The man is outside sledding.	entailment
1029	A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.	The man is sledding in Alaska.	neutral
1030	A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.	A cowboy with a brown hat is roping a calf in a rodeo.	neutral
1031	A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.	A man is working in an office on a laptop.	contradiction
1032	A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.	A person is performing.	entailment
1033	Men fish on a concrete slab.	Men are sleeping in tents.	contradiction
1034	Men fish on a concrete slab.	Men are near the water.	entailment
1035	Men fish on a concrete slab.	Men are fishing for trout.	neutral
1036	A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.	A man is angry.	neutral
1037	A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.	A man makes a ruckus.	entailment
1038	A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.	A man is relaxed.	contradiction
1039	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	one person swims in water	contradiction
1040	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Four people sitting near the pond.	contradiction
1041	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	There is chalk art on the sidewalk.	neutral
1042	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	one person sits while three stand near a body of water.	entailment
1043	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	People are standing on stairs.	contradiction
1044	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	A group of people are inside a building.	contradiction
1045	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	The sidewalk is desolate and empty.	contradiction
1046	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Four people congregate at the pond.	neutral
1047	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	People are going swimming.	neutral
1048	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	There are people on a sidewalk.	entailment
1049	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Everyone is wearing a dress.	neutral
1050	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	People are near water.	entailment
1051	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Four people congregate near the water.	entailment
1052	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	There are people outdoors.	entailment
1053	Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	one person rests, sitting down while three others stand near a body of water	neutral
1054	Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.	Two girls are taking a nap on the carpet.	neutral
1055	Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.	Two girls are having a pillow fight.	contradiction
1056	Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.	Two girls lay next to wooden blocks.	entailment
1057	People are fishing and walking next to the water.	People are fishing and walking next to the water.	entailment
1058	People are fishing and walking next to the water.	People are swimming in the water.	contradiction
1059	People are fishing and walking next to the water.	People are enjoying the summer weather fishing.	neutral
1060	Two guys playing football on a campus green.	They are eating fried fish on the boat	contradiction
1061	Two guys playing football on a campus green.	They are practicing before the big game tomorrow	neutral
1062	Two guys playing football on a campus green.	There are some guys in this picture	entailment
1063	Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.	Schoolchildren together	entailment
1064	Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.	Asian factory workers sitting.	contradiction
1065	Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.	Asian schoolchildren are friends	neutral
1066	A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	vehicles are slow at speed breaker	contradiction
1067	A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	there was a speed breaker on the road by which people are taking care	entailment
1068	A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	people make speed fast at speed breaker.	contradiction
1069	A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.	A young woman having a picnic on the lawn in front of the capitol building.	contradiction
1070	A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.	A young lady playing in front of the capitol building.	entailment
1071	A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.	A young lady playing chase in front of the capitol building.	neutral
1072	a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street	A man is hitting a child	contradiction
1073	a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street	A man in a colorful shirt is playing an instrument.	entailment
1074	a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street	A man is performing for money	neutral
1075	A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.	Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.	contradiction
1076	A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.	The man is playing music on an instrument.	entailment
1077	A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.	The man likes to receive attention for his music, which sounds terrible.	neutral
1078	A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.	The man plays guitar	entailment
1079	A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.	the woman is getting her nails done	contradiction
1080	A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.	the man is trying to raise money for drugs	neutral
1081	Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.	The street performer is singing a song.	neutral
1082	Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.	The street performer is sleeping on a park bench.	contradiction
1083	Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.	A street performer is trying to earn extra money.	entailment
1084	Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.	A building is being painted.	entailment
1085	Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.	No one ever comes to this unpainted and dilapidated building.	contradiction
1086	Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.	A supervisor calls in his report on the painting crew.	neutral
1087	Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.	Two men are painting their new store.	neutral
1088	Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.	Three men are outside.	entailment
1089	Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.	No one is on a phone.	contradiction
1090	A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.	the boy was listening	neutral
1091	A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.	a child was there	entailment
1092	A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.	not watched at alll	contradiction
1093	A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.	A man is holding a girls hand and walking through a creek.	entailment
1094	A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.	A man with jean shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she flies a kite.	contradiction
1095	A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.	A man with shorts on is helping a little girl find her way home.	neutral
1096	Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.	Two horses running in a field.	contradiction
1097	Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.	Two people are walking down a path.	entailment
1098	Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.	Two beautiful women wearing white are walking down a dirt path carrying loads of nuts on their heads.	neutral
1099	A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.	A vendor trying to attract costumers.	entailment
1100	A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.	A salesman selling items to patrons.	neutral
1101	A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.	A man closing his shop for the day.	contradiction
1102	Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.	The woman is knitting.	contradiction
1103	Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.	The girl is texting.	neutral
1104	Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.	A woman is inside.	entailment
1105	A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves	A mother and daughter are playing in a field.	neutral
1106	A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves	Two people are outside.	entailment
1107	A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves	A man is playing in a field.	contradiction
1108	two small girls walk along the leaves.	The two girls are outside.	entailment
1109	two small girls walk along the leaves.	The girls are walking to the park.	neutral
1110	two small girls walk along the leaves.	The two girls are riding their bikes.	contradiction
1111	A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.	The girl is sitting.	entailment
1112	A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.	The girl is reading a text message.	neutral
1113	A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.	The girl is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
1114	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady is using a cat to take pictures.	contradiction
1115	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is riding her bike down a bike trail.	contradiction
1116	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is embarrassed at the pictures she took.	neutral
1117	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is looking at a picture.	entailment
1118	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady looks at a picture on her camera	entailment
1119	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is looking at a picture of her dog on camera.	neutral
1120	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady looks at her phone.	contradiction
1121	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	Lady sits gazing at a camera.	entailment
1122	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	Young lady sits in a private area.	contradiction
1123	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is looking at her camera.	entailment
1124	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady is taking pictures of the table.	neutral
1125	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is on her cellphone.	contradiction
1126	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady looks at pictures on her camera to print.	neutral
1127	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	An ingnue sits with a world-weary expression, staring at old honeymoon photos.	neutral
1128	Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady at a table takes pictures.	entailment
1129	A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.	The woman is taking a picture	neutral
1130	A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.	THe woman is sitting down	entailment
1131	A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
1132	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.	a woman looking at her cellphone	entailment
1133	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.	a woman looking at her cellphone call log	neutral
1134	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.	a man looking out the window	contradiction
1135	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A gentleman in sleeveless blue shirt swings his hands at his sides	neutral
1136	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The shirt is new.	neutral
1137	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	He is exercising	neutral
1138	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is trying to pass a sobriety test.	contradiction
1139	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy in a tri-colored shirt has his arms out to the side.	entailment
1140	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is wearing a shirt.	entailment
1141	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	He is wearing a multicolored shirt	entailment
1142	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy does not have his arms out	contradiction
1143	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is young.	entailment
1144	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy is folding clean laundry.	contradiction
1145	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The shirt is blue.	contradiction
1146	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy in multi-colored shirt hold his arms out from his sides	entailment
1147	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A little boy has his arms held out to his sides and he is sticking out his tongue.	neutral
1148	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is pretending to be an airplane.	neutral
1149	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A girl dressed in bikinis walk graciously past a group of gentlemen at the beach	contradiction
1150	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.	A boy is wearing a shirt	entailment
1151	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched 40 feet wide.	contradiction
1152	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched waiting for his grandmother to hug him.	neutral
1153	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.	A boy is having fun on vacation.	neutral
1154	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.	A boy in a shirt plays outside.	entailment
1155	A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.	A boy in a dress plays indoors.	contradiction
1156	A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.	The child is inside his apartment.	contradiction
1157	A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.	The child is playing on the jungle gym.	neutral
1158	A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.	The child is outdoors in his bright colored shirt.	entailment
1159	A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide	A boy is holding his arms out.	entailment
1160	A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide	A boy is holding his arms out to hug his mother.	neutral
1161	A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide	A boy has his arms crossed over his chest.	contradiction
1162	A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.	The man is taking his driving test.	contradiction
1163	A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.	The man is outside in the Fall.	neutral
1164	A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.	The man is outside.	entailment
1165	A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.	A lady wearing a dress.	contradiction
1166	A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.	A lady wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
1167	A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.	A lady wearing a cover.	neutral
1168	The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.	A military officer watches girls at the base pool.	neutral
1169	The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.	A man dances with a woman in a gown.	contradiction
1170	The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.	A decorated man sees a scantily clad female.	entailment
1171	A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.	two women play soccer	contradiction
1172	A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.	a punk kicks leaves	neutral
1173	A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.	someone in his twenties kicks at the ground	entailment
1174	A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.	A man is angered by an insult.	contradiction
1175	A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.	A woman laughs while another paddles a boat.	entailment
1176	A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.	A woman laughs at a joke.	neutral
1177	Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.	People crying after losing a game.	contradiction
1178	Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.	People chanting as they play jump rope.	neutral
1179	Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.	People playing jump rope.	entailment
1180	A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.	Several children in green uniforms are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch	neutral
1181	A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.	Several children are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch	entailment
1182	A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.	A brilliant red sun sets over a deserted beach	contradiction
1183	Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.	Woman wearing nothing sewing her thumb.	contradiction
1184	Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.	Woman wearing a shirt sewing some jeans.	neutral
1185	Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.	Woman wearing a shirt sewing.	entailment
1186	A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.	Nobody is playing jump rope	contradiction
1187	A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.	Humans playing jump rope	entailment
1188	A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.	Tall humans playing jump rope	neutral
1189	A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.	Everyone is using a cell phone.	contradiction
1190	A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.	Someone is on a phone.	entailment
1191	A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.	The phone receiver is black.	neutral
1192	Some children are playing jump rope.	Some children are trying out for the jump rope competition.	neutral
1193	Some children are playing jump rope.	Some children are reading books.	contradiction
1194	Some children are playing jump rope.	Children are jumping rope.	entailment
1195	A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog	Two dogs drinking from a water fountain.	contradiction
1196	A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog	A pair of mutts exchange a greeting in a park.	neutral
1197	A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog	Two animals getting to know each other.	entailment
1198	A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.	Two kickboxers excersise in the gym.	contradiction
1199	A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.	One sumo wrestler doesnt like the other.	neutral
1200	A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.	Two sumo wrestlers compete in a match.	entailment
1201	Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.	the dogs see each other	entailment
1202	Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.	stray dogs are playing	contradiction
1203	Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.	the dogs talk in their own language	neutral
1204	A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.	A boy is playing with a toy truck.	contradiction
1205	A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.	A man is trying to impress a woman at a bar.	neutral
1206	A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.	A man is wearing many silver necklaces.	entailment
1207	Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling	A woman with blue sweater is crying.	contradiction
1208	Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling	A woman with a green sweater has a happy expression.	entailment
1209	Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling	A woman is smiling because she just won the lottery.	neutral
1210	A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.	A woman is wearing a tank top.	contradiction
1211	A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.	A woman with black hair is wearing a sweater.	neutral
1212	A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.	A woman is there.	entailment
1213	A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.	A happy woman smiling	entailment
1214	A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.	A woman wearing a bathing suit at the beach with her friends	contradiction
1215	A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.	A woman enjoying a gathering with her office buddies	neutral
1216	A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.	The woman is not near anyone.	contradiction
1217	A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.	The woman needs sunglasses because it is bright.	neutral
1218	A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.	A woman is outside.	entailment
1219	A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.	A woman is taking a break from a photo shoot.	neutral
1220	A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.	A woman is wearing a green sweatshirt.	entailment
1221	A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.	A woman is wearing a maroon sweatshirt.	contradiction
1222	A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.	A climber is ascending	entailment
1223	A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.	A climber is tired	neutral
1224	A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.	A climber is at base camp	contradiction
1225	A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
1226	A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.	A man is indoors drinking hot chocolate.	contradiction
1227	A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.	A guy is skiing in the Colorado mountains.	neutral
1228	a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.	A person jumps in the air.	entailment
1229	a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.	A person sits in the snow.	contradiction
1230	a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.	A person jumps in the air to see how high they can jump.	neutral
1231	A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.	A woman is waiting for someone framed by white fencing.	contradiction
1232	A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.	A man in shorts waits for his wife at the bottom of the stairs.	neutral
1233	A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.	A man stands at the bottom of the stairs.	entailment
1234	A man doing tricks in the snow.	There is no snow where the man is	contradiction
1235	A man doing tricks in the snow.	The man is snowboarding	neutral
1236	A man doing tricks in the snow.	The man is outside.	entailment
1237	Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.	Two people are eating together.	neutral
1238	Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.	The people are buying sunglasses.	contradiction
1239	Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.	Two people are seated together.	entailment
1240	Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A couple is holding a child	entailment
1241	Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A couple is sleeping with their baby at home	contradiction
1242	Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A couple is singing a lullaby to a baby	neutral
1243	A bunch of people playing soccer.	a bunch of people are playing soccer	entailment
1244	A bunch of people playing soccer.	people are playing american football	contradiction
1245	A bunch of people playing soccer.	people are playing soccer with no goalies	neutral
1246	A soccer player jumping in air during a game.	A soccer player taking flight across the field during a game.	contradiction
1247	A soccer player jumping in air during a game.	A soccer player jumping into the air during a game to avoid being hit in the face.	neutral
1248	A soccer player jumping in air during a game.	A soccer player jumping up while a game is in progess.	entailment
1249	A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.	a decisive moment in a soccer game is frozen in photo.	neutral
1250	A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.	a hockey player nails his first hat trick	contradiction
1251	A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.	a player has a penalty kick	entailment
1252	The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.	The teams are playing soccer.	neutral
1253	The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.	The red and black team are playing a game.	entailment
1254	The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.	The teams are in blue and orange.	contradiction
1255	Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.	People are playing soccer.	entailment
1256	Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.	Six people are playing basketball.	contradiction
1257	Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.	One team is in red, the other, blue.	neutral
1258	Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	Two adults mix up a batch of margaritas.	contradiction
1259	Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	Two kids are in a parade in a wagon wearing red white and blue	neutral
1260	Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	Two kids are with a wagon.	entailment
1261	A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.	There is no jewelry.	contradiction
1262	A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.	Someone is browsing jewelry.	entailment
1263	A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.	The pendants have long chains.	neutral
1264	Girl is blowing to a butterfly.	The girl blows a butterfly.	entailment
1265	Girl is blowing to a butterfly.	The girl sneezes on a butterfly.	contradiction
1266	Girl is blowing to a butterfly.	The girl blows kisses to a butterfly.	neutral
1267	An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.	A young man has his head on the table.	entailment
1268	An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.	The boy's grandparents approached and asked if he was okay.	neutral
1269	An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.	A young man is playing the drums.	contradiction
1270	A small girl stands among many large watermelons.	There is a girl standing	entailment
1271	A small girl stands among many large watermelons.	There is a girl sitting near the watermelon	contradiction
1272	A small girl stands among many large watermelons.	There is a girl standing thinking about purchasing the watermelon	neutral
1273	An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table	An old couple dance in by a juke box while a dude wearing shorts sleeps near a table	entailment
1274	An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table	An old couple dance next to a guy sleeping	neutral
1275	An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table	Two cats sing karoake	contradiction
1276	An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.	The couple has been together a long time.	neutral
1277	An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.	The couple is dancing together.	entailment
1278	An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.	The couple is sitting with the male.	contradiction
1279	A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.	A person is near a watermelon.	entailment
1280	A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.	A girl is shopping for watermelon with her parents at a farmers' market.	neutral
1281	A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.	A woman is alone, planting watermelon seeds in a garden in the spring.	contradiction
1282	A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.	The girl is under the age of 88 years old.	entailment
1283	A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.	The girl is alone and asleep in her bedroom.	contradiction
1284	A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.	The girl is wearing yellow shoes.	neutral
1285	A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.	A girl is buying a watermelon.	neutral
1286	A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.	A girl is picking up an orange.	contradiction
1287	A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.	A girl is picking an item up.	entailment
1288	a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons	There is a lot of fruit.	entailment
1289	a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons	There are some citrus fruit.	neutral
1290	a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons	There are only potatoes.	contradiction
1291	A man in a blue jacket screaming.	A man is making a loud noise.	entailment
1292	A man in a blue jacket screaming.	A man is scared.	neutral
1293	A man in a blue jacket screaming.	A man is whispering.	contradiction
1294	Children playing a game in a field.	Children are competing for a reward.	neutral
1295	Children playing a game in a field.	Adults playing a game.	contradiction
1296	Children playing a game in a field.	Children playing a game.	entailment
1297	A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	The woman throws a Frisbee to the dog.	entailment
1298	A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	The woman is chasing the dog that took her camera.	contradiction
1299	A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	A woman throws a disc to a dog and gets ready to take a picture.	neutral
1300	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	People are in the street.	entailment
1301	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The Asian city is full of fields.	contradiction
1302	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The Asian city is full of sights.	entailment
1303	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The scene is in the evening.	neutral
1304	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	People are in the street in Toronto.	contradiction
1305	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The Asian city is full of tourists.	neutral
1306	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	City people hanging out	neutral
1307	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	City people in street	entailment
1308	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	A group of people are sitting in a field	contradiction
1309	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	There are people in an urban area.	entailment
1310	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	There are people in front of buildings that are brightly lit.	entailment
1311	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	City streetwalkers	contradiction
1312	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	There is a group of people in Seoul at night.	neutral
1313	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	Some people are posing for a picture	neutral
1314	Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	It is an American city.	contradiction
1315	A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.	A woman is drawing a microorganism.	contradiction
1316	A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.	A man is painting a landscape of an outdoors area.	entailment
1317	A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.	A man is painting a landscape of a city.	neutral
1318	An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.	The old man will sell his painting.	neutral
1319	An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.	The old man is painting a view of a bathroom.	contradiction
1320	An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.	The old man is painting a portrait.	entailment
1321	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The crowded street on New Years Eve.	neutral
1322	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The street is empty.	contradiction
1323	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The buildings are tall.	entailment
1324	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	It is the afternoon.	neutral
1325	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	Nobody is on the street in Asia.	contradiction
1326	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The crowds are at an indoor swimming meet.	contradiction
1327	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The Seiko building is large.	entailment
1328	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	lots of people are in the street	entailment
1329	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	there was a storm so nobody went outside	contradiction
1330	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	There is a crowded street.	entailment
1331	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in Asia has tall buildings.	neutral
1332	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in china where there are lots of buildings.	neutral
1333	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in Asia.	entailment
1334	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	its rush hour in a big city	neutral
1335	A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in America.	contradiction
1336	A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.	The boy is trying to make cookies.	neutral
1337	A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.	The boy is playing the violin.	contradiction
1338	A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.	The boy is making a mess.	entailment
1339	A male painting a scene in front of him.	A person is painting.	entailment
1340	A male painting a scene in front of him.	A person is painting the sky and trees.	neutral
1341	A male painting a scene in front of him.	A girl is painting a self portrait.	contradiction
1342	Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.	There are no cars on the street.	contradiction
1343	Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.	The traffic is moving slowly.	neutral
1344	Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.	There are lots of cars on the street.	entailment
1345	Cars are passing through a town.	some car passing outside	entailment
1346	Cars are passing through a town.	Cars are passing through a town in road race	neutral
1347	Cars are passing through a town.	Cars are parked in the town.	contradiction
1348	A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.	It is in france	neutral
1349	A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.	A picture of a city is on a street	entailment
1350	A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.	The people are dancing	contradiction
1351	Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.	The shop sign says  "Welcome to Golden"	entailment
1352	Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.	The shop sign is laying on the sidewalk.	contradiction
1353	Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.	The "Welcome to Golden" sigh if lit up.	neutral
1354	There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.	The cars are parked in a showroom.	contradiction
1355	There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.	The cars are green.	neutral
1356	There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.	The cars are outside.	entailment
1357	A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says "Welcome to Golden".	A neon sign reads "Welcome to Golden"	neutral
1358	A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says "Welcome to Golden".	A neon sign reads "Now leaving Golden"	contradiction
1359	A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says "Welcome to Golden".	A sign reads "Welcome to Golden"	entailment
1360	Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.	A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor with her father	neutral
1361	Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.	A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor	entailment
1362	Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.	Poop's on the floor while the girl dances	contradiction
1363	A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.	Two boys are skateboarding outside.	entailment
1364	A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.	Two boys are taking skateboarding photographs for a magazine.	neutral
1365	A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.	Two boys are riding bikes down the street.	contradiction
1366	A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.	A girl is enjoying herself.	entailment
1367	A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.	The girl is celebrating by dancing.	neutral
1368	A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.	The girl seems very sad about the blue balloons.	contradiction
1369	Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.	A child is roller skating.	contradiction
1370	Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.	A child is dancing.	entailment
1371	Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.	A child is dancing at a party.	neutral
1372	A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter is sleeping.	contradiction
1373	A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter sets up a do not cross	entailment
1374	A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter sets up tape in a city	entailment
1375	A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.	A fireman is working hard to keep people safe.	entailment
1376	A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.	A fireman is trying to run away from the fire.	contradiction
1377	A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.	A fireman is trying to stop the brushfire.	neutral
1378	The blond girl is dancing inside a house.	The girl is sitting on a bench in a park.	contradiction
1379	The blond girl is dancing inside a house.	A person is indoors.	entailment
1380	The blond girl is dancing inside a house.	The girl is twerking.	neutral
1381	Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.	Two people waiting in line for food at a crowded restaurant.	contradiction
1382	Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.	Two people posing for photos with an ancient statue outdoors.	neutral
1383	Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.	Two people standing standing near a large statue, with other states nearby.	entailment
1384	a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.	An old woman is falling down the stairs.	contradiction
1385	a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.	A man is climbing the stairs to his apartment after a long day at work.	neutral
1386	a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.	A human walks up some stairs.	entailment
1387	A family between a van and fence	A family by a van.	entailment
1388	A family between a van and fence	A family by a pickup truck.	contradiction
1389	A family between a van and fence	A family by a moving van.	neutral
1390	A woman talking to four little children outside.	The teacher is showing her students some items in the park.	neutral
1391	A woman talking to four little children outside.	A female adult is near some kids.	entailment
1392	A woman talking to four little children outside.	A teacher is reading a book in class.	contradiction
1393	A mother with her four children.	A woman posing for a picture with her children.	neutral
1394	A mother with her four children.	A man with his pets.	contradiction
1395	A mother with her four children.	A woman with children.	entailment
1396	A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.	The woman and children are in their dining room.	contradiction
1397	A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.	The people are trapped between the vehicle and fence.	neutral
1398	A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.	Several people in an alleyway.	entailment
1399	A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.	A woman is talking to children.	entailment
1400	A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.	A lady in a dress is taking kids to a museum.	neutral
1401	A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.	A woman is screaming at her kid.	contradiction
1402	Two men with heads down signing a paper.	The men are signing their names.	neutral
1403	Two men with heads down signing a paper.	The men jump off a bridge.	contradiction
1404	Two men with heads down signing a paper.	The two men sign something.	entailment
1405	A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.	A couple are having a conversation	entailment
1406	A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.	A couple are having dinner in a restaurant.	contradiction
1407	A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.	A couple are discussing vacation plans	neutral
1408	A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.	A woman is biking.	contradiction
1409	A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.	A man is working on his favorite bike.	neutral
1410	A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.	A man is working on a bike.	entailment
1411	A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.	A young girl wears sandals and walks on hopscotch numbers.	neutral
1412	A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.	A grown man wearing pink sandals plays hopscotch.	contradiction
1413	A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.	A baby walks on the ground.	entailment
1414	a man wearing blue plays soccer.	man playing soccer	entailment
1415	a man wearing blue plays soccer.	man competing in soccer competition	neutral
1416	a man wearing blue plays soccer.	man playing basketball	contradiction
1417	Mothers with children talking at a gathering.	The mothers are yelling at the children.	contradiction
1418	Mothers with children talking at a gathering.	They are talking about thier kids.	neutral
1419	Mothers with children talking at a gathering.	The mothers are having conversations.	entailment
1420	Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.	The man is painting a house.	contradiction
1421	Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.	Some women are babysitting.	neutral
1422	Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.	Some women are talking.	entailment
1423	Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.	2 women are carrying little girls.	entailment
1424	Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.	The women were showing their daughters an animal.	neutral
1425	Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.	The women left their children behind.	contradiction
1426	Two women holding children talking to one another.	The women are having a playdate with their toddlers.	neutral
1427	Two women holding children talking to one another.	Two women are running at the park looking for their children.	contradiction
1428	Two women holding children talking to one another.	There are at least four people.	entailment
1429	Two women, each with a child, look at each other.	The women have no kids	contradiction
1430	Two women, each with a child, look at each other.	Women are with their kids	entailment
1431	Two women, each with a child, look at each other.	The kids are small	neutral
1432	A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.	The water is empty	contradiction
1433	A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.	A dog is outside	entailment
1434	A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.	The dog is having a great time	neutral
1435	A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.	A dog with an object in it's mouth is in the water.	entailment
1436	A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.	A Dalmatian with a stick in its mouth is swimming slowly.	neutral
1437	A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.	A cat with a stick in its mouth is in a bathtub.	contradiction
1438	A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.	Pirate chasing a peach cosplayer	neutral
1439	A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.	Pirate doing the hokey pokey	contradiction
1440	A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.	Pirate on the sidewalk	entailment
1441	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	entailment
1442	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water in the back yard.	neutral
1443	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	A dog is sleeping on the front porch.	contradiction
1444	A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.	A dog is going for a walk in the park.	contradiction
1445	A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.	A dog fetches a stick out of the lake.	neutral
1446	A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.	A dog carries a stick in his mouth.	entailment
1447	Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.	Kids are going to a costume party.	neutral
1448	Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.	Kids are getting in a fight.	contradiction
1449	Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.	Two kids are running.	entailment
1450	1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.	A boy and girl trick or treating.	neutral
1451	1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.	Boy in costume followed by a girl in costume.	entailment
1452	1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.	A boy in a clown costume followed by a girl.	contradiction
1453	A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.	The kids are sitting in their desks during class.	contradiction
1454	A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.	Two kids wearing costumes are outside.	entailment
1455	A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.	The kids are trick-or-treating for Halloween.	neutral
1456	A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.	The man is holding his child.	neutral
1457	A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.	A man is wearing a shirt.	entailment
1458	A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.	The man has a yellow shirt.	contradiction
1459	Two girls, each in a dress walking together.	Two girls are doing exercise to live healthy.	neutral
1460	Two girls, each in a dress walking together.	Two girls slapped each other.	contradiction
1461	Two girls, each in a dress walking together.	Two Girls are doing exercise.	entailment
1462	A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.	people having barbecue	neutral
1463	A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.	girl plays nintendo	contradiction
1464	A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.	people sit around table	entailment
1465	People in line for plates of rice.	People are waiting to eat.	entailment
1466	People in line for plates of rice.	People in line at a soup kitchen.	neutral
1467	People in line for plates of rice.	People are sitting down eating.	contradiction
1468	People sitting down to eat.	The wedding party guests sit down to enjoy the feast.	neutral
1469	People sitting down to eat.	People are about to eat.	entailment
1470	People sitting down to eat.	People milling about after a concert.	contradiction
1471	Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.	Some men are sitting outdoors.	entailment
1472	Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.	The men just got done working.	neutral
1473	Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.	The men are chopping down the trees.	contradiction
1474	Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.	Workers are outside at a construction zone.	neutral
1475	Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.	Workers are resting during a meal break.	entailment
1476	Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.	Workers are talking and sitting on metal beams.	contradiction
1477	Workers are taking a break during midday.	Workers are diligently building a house.	contradiction
1478	Workers are taking a break during midday.	Workers are eating sandwiches on break.	neutral
1479	Workers are taking a break during midday.	Workers are on break.	entailment
1480	Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.	the workers are sitting eating food	contradiction
1481	Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.	the workers are finished the work	neutral
1482	Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.	the workers are waiting for next work	entailment
1483	Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track	He winning the race.	neutral
1484	Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track	He is paddling a canoe.	contradiction
1485	Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track	Human rides two wheeled vehicle.	entailment
1486	A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.	The racer is driving.	entailment
1487	A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.	The motorcycle racer is running	contradiction
1488	A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.	The racer is wearing a suit.	neutral
1489	A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.	A woman is taking off a blue shirt.	contradiction
1490	A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.	A woman is getting undressed.	neutral
1491	A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.	A woman is blonde	entailment
1492	A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.	A farmer stares to see if he can see his cattle herd.	neutral
1493	A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.	The person stares off into the distance.	entailment
1494	A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.	A man sends a telegram.	contradiction
1495	A man riding a dirt bike	The man is in a car.	contradiction
1496	A man riding a dirt bike	A man is riding a dirtbike with his friend.	neutral
1497	A man riding a dirt bike	The man is accelerating on the dirt bike.	neutral
1498	A man riding a dirt bike	Man riding bike at park	neutral
1499	A man riding a dirt bike	The man is walking.	contradiction
1500	A man riding a dirt bike	A man is swimming.	contradiction
1501	A man riding a dirt bike	A biker is racing his dirt bike on a course.	neutral
1502	A man riding a dirt bike	A man is driving a car.	contradiction
1503	A man riding a dirt bike	A human is riding a vehicle.	entailment
1504	A man riding a dirt bike	A man is outside.	entailment
1505	A man riding a dirt bike	Woman riding bike	contradiction
1506	A man riding a dirt bike	The man is racing the dirt bike.	neutral
1507	A man riding a dirt bike	Man riding bike	entailment
1508	A man riding a dirt bike	A man is on a dirt bike.	entailment
1509	A man riding a dirt bike	A guy is driving a dirt bike.	entailment
1510	A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.	The man is making a scene.	neutral
1511	A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.	The man is being stared at.	entailment
1512	A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.	The man is staring everyone down.	contradiction
1513	Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.	The girl is sitting on a swing.	neutral
1514	Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.	The girl drinking the juice has brown hair.	contradiction
1515	Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.	A girl is holding a glass.	entailment
1516	A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.	A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal.	entailment
1517	A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.	A person in a red dress is trying to catch a dog.	neutral
1518	A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.	A person in a red dress is cooking.	contradiction
1519	a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.	A woman is wearing a red jacket	entailment
1520	a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.	A woman is wearing a blue jacket	contradiction
1521	a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.	A woman has finished chasing a dog	neutral
1522	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman throws something for a dog.	entailment
1523	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A person throwing something for her dog.	entailment
1524	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A dog throws something for its woman.	contradiction
1525	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman throwing a squeaky toy into the water for her dog to chase.	neutral
1526	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman throws a ball for a german sheherd to chase	neutral
1527	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	a woman plays fetch with her boyfriends dog	neutral
1528	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman climbing a tree.	contradiction
1529	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A person and their pet are outdoors	entailment
1530	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A young lady is teaching her pet dog how to play fetch.	neutral
1531	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A man in a dog costume is staring creepily through a restaurant window.	contradiction
1532	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman and an animal are interacting outdoors.	entailment
1533	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	a woman and a german shepherd are pictured	entailment
1534	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	a woman sits in a movie theater	contradiction
1535	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman throws something for her dog.	neutral
1536	Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman plays with her cat in a grassy field	contradiction
1537	A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.	A dog is nearby a person	entailment
1538	A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.	a cat is playing with some string	contradiction
1539	A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.	A dog cowers in the corner as the veterenarian approaches with a thermometer	neutral
1540	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	A woman is training her dog in the park.	neutral
1541	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	A woman is interacting with a dog.	entailment
1542	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	A woman is brushing her dog.	contradiction
1543	Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.	Two men are partying together.	neutral
1544	Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.	Two men are laughing and enjoying themselves.	entailment
1545	Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.	Two men are sleeping on the floor.	contradiction
1546	Three people are sitting on a bench.	A few people are laying down.	contradiction
1547	Three people are sitting on a bench.	Some people are chatting.	neutral
1548	Three people are sitting on a bench.	There are people sitting down.	entailment
1549	Two women and one man sit on a bench.	The women and the man are on a bench.	entailment
1550	Two women and one man sit on a bench.	The bench is not really there.	contradiction
1551	Two women and one man sit on a bench.	The friends are on the bench.	neutral
1552	A man and two women sitting on a bench.	A few people share a bench.	entailment
1553	A man and two women sitting on a bench.	Six women sit on a bench.	contradiction
1554	A man and two women sitting on a bench.	A man and his two sisters sit together.	neutral
1555	A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.	People are on a bench	entailment
1556	A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.	A man is talking about a threesome with two women.	neutral
1557	A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.	A man is sitting on a bench with 22 women.	contradiction
1558	man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform	Man eating pizza	contradiction
1559	man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform	Man standing with three men in army uniform	entailment
1560	Skydivers in formation.	They are all friends.	neutral
1561	Skydivers in formation.	They are on the ground	contradiction
1562	Skydivers in formation.	People are skydiving.	entailment
1563	A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.	A man checks his back pocket for his wallet	contradiction
1564	A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.	A woman looks for her money to tip the waiter.	neutral
1565	A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.	A person looks in her purse at a restaurant.	entailment
1566	The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.	The clown was waving to the crowd.	contradiction
1567	The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.	The cowboy waved to the crowd while he was riding the horse.	neutral
1568	The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.	The cowboy waved to the crowd.	entailment
1569	A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.	A person is indoors.	contradiction
1570	A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.	A person is sitting down.	entailment
1571	A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.	A person is at an outdoor restaurant waiting for their food.	neutral
1572	Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair	A lady wearing a yellow top is standing on the kitchen table.	contradiction
1573	Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair	A woman with a yellow to sits.	entailment
1574	Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair	A lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair and shaving her legs.	neutral
1575	a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.	The kids are pretending they are in a race.	neutral
1576	a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.	The children a eating lunch.	contradiction
1577	a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.	Children enjoy playing together.	entailment
1578	A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.	A man rides a horse on a trail.	contradiction
1579	A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.	A cowboy rides a bull at a rodeo.	entailment
1580	A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.	A professional bull rider rides a large black bull.	neutral
1581	A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.	A child is pulling a toy wagon.	entailment
1582	A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.	A child is pulling a toy wagon filled with toys.	neutral
1583	A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.	A child is swimming.	contradiction
1584	A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.	One man writes on papers, while another man stands by.	entailment
1585	A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.	A guy signs away his rights to his gold mine, while his lawyer waits by.	neutral
1586	A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.	A male lifeguard busily saves someone's life while his companion simply scratches his head.	contradiction
1587	A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.	They are about to have their first kiss as man and wife.	neutral
1588	A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.	The groom and bride are sitting at the table.	contradiction
1589	A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.	A groom and bride are standing outside.	entailment
1590	A man is singing into a microphone.	A man is reciting poetry.	contradiction
1591	A man is singing into a microphone.	Someone is making music.	entailment
1592	A man is singing into a microphone.	A man is performing on stage.	neutral
1593	a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.	one boy drinks coke zero	contradiction
1594	a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.	girl trying to skip rocks	neutral
1595	a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.	girl throws stones	entailment
1596	A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.	two dudes are in the pool	contradiction
1597	A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.	a man and woman are getting intimate	entailment
1598	A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.	a husband and wife are playing footsies in the tub	neutral
1599	A group of people stand on a grassy field.	People are standing on a grassy field	entailment
1600	A group of people stand on a grassy field.	A group of people are sitting in the bleachers	contradiction
1601	A group of people stand on a grassy field.	People are enjoying the outdoor weather	neutral
1602	Men in uniform work together.	Uniformed men work.	entailment
1603	Men in uniform work together.	Men in beach clothes work by themselves at the park.	contradiction
1604	Men in uniform work together.	Uniformed men work together outside.	neutral
1605	An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.	An elderly woman puts beets into a casserole	contradiction
1606	An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.	An elderly woman puts carrots into a casserole	entailment
1607	An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.	An elderly woman slices carrots for a casserole	neutral
1608	A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.	The man is outside.	entailment
1609	A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.	The man is riding a horse.	contradiction
1610	A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.	The man is a sheperd in Scotland.	neutral
1611	Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.	 Three men are grouped around the back of a car.	entailment
1612	Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.	 Three men are grouped around the back of a car laughing.	neutral
1613	Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.	Three men are swimming in a lake.	contradiction
1614	Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.	Two salesmen at work.	neutral
1615	Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.	Three men looking at a car.	entailment
1616	Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.	Three men breaking into a car.	contradiction
1617	Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.	Emergency personnel are looking for a child in a car.	neutral
1618	Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.	People are looking in a car.	entailment
1619	Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.	Emergency personnel are eating.	contradiction
1620	Some firefighters check a vehicle.	Firefighters are checking a car.	entailment
1621	Some firefighters check a vehicle.	Firefighters are rescuing a cat from the tree.	contradiction
1622	Some firefighters check a vehicle.	Firefighters are looking for a cat in the car.	neutral
1623	A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.	The food is greasy.	neutral
1624	A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.	Got some oceanfront property in Arizona.	contradiction
1625	A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.	A man cooks.	entailment
1626	A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.	A woman is  in colorful garb.	neutral
1627	A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.	A woman has her back to the camera.	entailment
1628	A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.	A nun is praying.	contradiction
1629	A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.	A woman is dressed stylishly in native garb.	entailment
1630	A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.	A woman is dressed in her native clothing in preparation for her wedding.	neutral
1631	A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.	A woman is dressed to run track.	contradiction
1632	Oddly dressed man walking down the street.	An oddly dressed man walking.	entailment
1633	Oddly dressed man walking down the street.	A woman enjoying a walk.	contradiction
1634	Oddly dressed man walking down the street.	A man enjoying a walk.	neutral
1635	A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.	The man has his baby in the stroller.	neutral
1636	A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.	The man is pushing the stroller through his house.	contradiction
1637	A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.	The man is pushing a stroller.	entailment
1638	An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.	The man is walking with his son.	neutral
1639	An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.	The man is walking his dog on the beach.	contradiction
1640	An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.	A man wearing weird clothes is walking through a park.	entailment
1641	A smiling man cooks something delicious.	The man is preparing a feast for his wife	neutral
1642	A smiling man cooks something delicious.	The man is cooking	entailment
1643	A smiling man cooks something delicious.	The child colors with crayons	contradiction
1644	a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.	A man walks near a store	entailment
1645	a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.	Two ducks quacking at each other	contradiction
1646	a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.	The man is planning to rob the store	neutral
1647	A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.	The young man has glasses on his face.	entailment
1648	A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.	There is nothing on the wall but bricks.	contradiction
1649	A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.	The man helped create the graffiti.	neutral
1650	A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.	The dogs are running along the shore to meet their master who just beached his kayak	neutral
1651	A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.	The dogs were indorrs waiting for their dinner	contradiction
1652	A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.	The dogs were outdoors running along the shore	entailment
1653	A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.	A guy with red glasses is sitting here.	contradiction
1654	A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.	Man in blue glasses walking pass a building	entailment
1655	A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.	Some guys with glasses are going pass the buildings	neutral
1656	A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.	A dog jumps to catch a toy in Waikiki.	contradiction
1657	A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.	A dog jumps to catch a ball in the snow.	neutral
1658	A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.	An animal is jumping in a place that is not hot.	entailment
1659	Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.	The dog is in the snow.	entailment
1660	Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.	The dog is playing dead.	contradiction
1661	Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.	The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee.	neutral
1662	A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.	A dog is about to catch a stick in his mouth.	neutral
1663	A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.	A dog is catching a stick.	entailment
1664	A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.	A cat is playing fetch.	contradiction
1665	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	People are paying attention to the person hanging pictures	entailment
1666	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The women are pretty	neutral
1667	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	There are people watching another person hang up pictures.	entailment
1668	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The people are in the ocean	contradiction
1669	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	A man is hanging paintings of women for an art gallery in a museum.	neutral
1670	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	the person is hanging pictures.	entailment
1671	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is a woman.	neutral
1672	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	No one is hanging up pictures at all.	contradiction
1673	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	Somebody is hanging up pictures while people watch.	entailment
1674	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	There's a person drawing a crowd by hanging up nude photos of ladies.	neutral
1675	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The people are outdoors.	entailment
1676	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is a photographer selling his pictures.	neutral
1677	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	A creepy guy is putting his favorite photos of the woman he's stalking up in his shrine to her.	contradiction
1678	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is sleeping.	contradiction
1679	A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is cooking in a cafeteria.	contradiction
1680	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Men are hanging something on the wall.	entailment
1681	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Five men, one standing on a chair, are hanging a picture.	neutral
1682	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	The men are walking to the nearest gentleman's club.	contradiction
1683	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A group of men are hanging a picture on a wall.	entailment
1684	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man in a black shirt hangs a picture.	contradiction
1685	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A group of men, all wearing white shirts, hang a picture.	neutral
1686	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	There's a group of men hanging up a picture.	entailment
1687	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Five men are helping a child to hang a picture.	contradiction
1688	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is hanging a picture of a child.	entailment
1689	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is hanging up a picture of a child.	entailment
1690	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Four men are watching a fifth as he hangs a picture of a child.	neutral
1691	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	The men are hanging up a picture of a missing child.	neutral
1692	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Some men are outside in a field.	contradiction
1693	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is hanging a picture of his child surrounded by family memebers and friends.	neutral
1694	Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is holding up a child.	contradiction
1695	There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.	The men are hanging family photos.	neutral
1696	There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.	The women are working.	contradiction
1697	There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.	The men are working.	entailment
1698	A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.	An artist is showing his painting to others.	neutral
1699	A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.	Men are indoors.	entailment
1700	A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.	Men are at a football game.	contradiction
1701	Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.	The guys are standing on a dock.	contradiction
1702	Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.	The guys are playing a game.	entailment
1703	Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.	The man kicks the ball towards the goal.	neutral
1704	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is taking down the poster.	contradiction
1705	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is cleaning a bathroom in a shop.	contradiction
1706	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The shop did not agree to let the man put up the poster.	neutral
1707	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man owns the shop.	neutral
1708	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is putting up a sale sign in front of a shop.	neutral
1709	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is waiting for a bus.	contradiction
1710	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man hangs a poster of Iron Man in front of a shop.	neutral
1711	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A woman walks into a comic book shop.	contradiction
1712	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is decorating a shop.	entailment
1713	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is putting up a poster.	entailment
1714	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is indoors.	contradiction
1715	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is putting a movie poster up for the next big action movie.	neutral
1716	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man hangs a poster in front of a shop.	entailment
1717	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	There is a man in front of the shop.	entailment
1718	A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is standing in front of a shop.	entailment
1719	The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.	A basketball team during warm ups.	contradiction
1720	The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.	A soccer teaming getting ready for a game.	neutral
1721	The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.	A football/soccer club during warm ups.	entailment
1722	Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.	The players were on a bus which broke down on the highway	contradiction
1723	Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.	The crowd looked on while the players prepared themselves.	entailment
1724	Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.	The crowd watched the players warm up and shouted encouragement	neutral
1725	People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.	The pool is in a hotel, and these are guests.	neutral
1726	People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.	This is the pool of Queen Elizabeth II, and these people are Hessians from the Revolutionary War.	contradiction
1727	People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.	People lounge about a pool.	entailment
1728	In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.	The man is playing in an professional bowling competition.	neutral
1729	In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.	A man is bowling.	entailment
1730	In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.	The man is bowling with a frozen turkey.	contradiction
1731	A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.	A man stands in a bowling alley lane.	entailment
1732	A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.	The man is bowling with his bowling group tonight.	neutral
1733	A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.	A man sits in an airport.	contradiction
1734	A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.	Some man play football.	contradiction
1735	A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.	A man plays bowling.	entailment
1736	A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.	A man is throwing a green ball.	neutral
1737	A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	A sad man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	neutral
1738	A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	A woman holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	contradiction
1739	A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	A person holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	entailment
1740	A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.	A man is playing with his bowling league.	neutral
1741	A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.	A man is riding a horse on the beach.	contradiction
1742	A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.	A man is bowling.	entailment
1743	A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.	A group sits together outside and talk over drinks.	neutral
1744	A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.	A group sits outside while talking.	entailment
1745	A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.	A man stands at the bar ordering drinks for his friends.	contradiction
1746	A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.	a group of men and women converse	entailment
1747	A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.	a crowd has a discussion in a hospital	contradiction
1748	A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.	a crowd argues	neutral
1749	A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.	People are having a discussion.	entailment
1750	A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.	The friends are talking.	neutral
1751	A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.	The old dog is eating potatoes.	contradiction
1752	A group of people sitting around a picnic table.	The people are standing in the gym.	contradiction
1753	A group of people sitting around a picnic table.	The people are playing cards.	neutral
1754	A group of people sitting around a picnic table.	The people are near the table.	entailment
1755	A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.	A group of people gathering on the concrete.	contradiction
1756	A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.	A group of people gathering on the grass.	entailment
1757	A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.	A group of people standing on the grass.	neutral
1758	One soccer team is playing against another.	The teams are having fun.	neutral
1759	One soccer team is playing against another.	People are playing a sport.	entailment
1760	One soccer team is playing against another.	No one is playing soccer.	contradiction
1761	A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog is laying in front of a fireplace.	contradiction
1762	A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog is outside playing in the water.	entailment
1763	A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog is chasing a turtle through the water.	neutral
1764	the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.	Three boys are in a body of water.	entailment
1765	the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.	The boys are wearing party clothing.	neutral
1766	the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.	The three boys are surfing.	contradiction
1767	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is going to score.	neutral
1768	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A soccer game is in progress.	entailment
1769	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is playing a hockey game.	contradiction
1770	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The goalie wants to prevent a goal.	entailment
1771	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The goalie is sitting down on the sideline, wearing a white top and red shorts.	contradiction
1772	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A soccer game is happening.	entailment
1773	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The soccer goalie  is wearing long pants.	contradiction
1774	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	This World Cup match has a very close score.	neutral
1775	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The yellow team is ahead by three points.	neutral
1776	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is trying to score a goal.	neutral
1777	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is defending.	contradiction
1778	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	No game is playing.	contradiction
1779	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	Soccer game is happening the yellow team is winning.	neutral
1780	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A group of people are playing a game of soccer.	entailment
1781	A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	There is a soccer game with a team in yellow.	entailment
1782	A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.	A soccer game.	entailment
1783	A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.	Men playing baseball.	contradiction
1784	A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.	Men are playing for the final goal in a soccer game.	neutral
1785	A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.	A competition is happening.	entailment
1786	A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.	The teams are in a championship match.	neutral
1787	A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.	The teams play street hockey.	contradiction
1788	A young woman is playing the violin.	The woman is eating her violin.	contradiction
1789	A young woman is playing the violin.	The young violinist is a woman.	entailment
1790	A young woman is playing the violin.	The violin sounds beatuful.	neutral
1791	People relax around a large community fountain in a park.	Tourists are sitting near the fountain.	neutral
1792	People relax around a large community fountain in a park.	Business men are working near a fountain.	contradiction
1793	People relax around a large community fountain in a park.	Community members are spending time in the park near a foundtain.	entailment
1794	A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.	a woman is learning to play the violin	neutral
1795	A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.	someone is playing an instrument	entailment
1796	A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.	a woman is eating dinner	contradiction
1797	A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.	A female violinist surrounded by wolverines.	contradiction
1798	A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.	A female violinist surrounded by other violinists competing for a prize.	neutral
1799	A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.	A violinist among other string musicians	entailment
1800	A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.	A man, wearing a revolutionary apparel is making noise with a bell.	entailment
1801	A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.	A man,wearing revolutionary  apparel is ringing a bell with his right hand.	neutral
1802	A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.	A man is outside riding his bike.	contradiction
1803	A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.	People are landscaping their yard.	neutral
1804	A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.	People are working.	entailment
1805	A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.	People are playing on a playground.	contradiction
1806	A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.	A man is wearing a cap	entailment
1807	A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.	a man is looking up	contradiction
1808	A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.	A man is looking down at a puddle	neutral
1809	An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.	police pepper spray protesters	contradiction
1810	An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.	the civil war reenactment underway	neutral
1811	An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.	man ringing a bell	entailment
1812	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The children are posing because their parents made them.	neutral
1813	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Three children are kicking the camera man.	contradiction
1814	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The boy ate the entire apple.	contradiction
1815	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The three young childeren were hold an apple with a bite on it	entailment
1816	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Sisters and brother are posing for a shoot	neutral
1817	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Girls and boys are having fun outdoors	entailment
1818	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	A boy eats an apple that his sisters threw at him in the car on the way to the mountains.	neutral
1819	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The kids are swimming	contradiction
1820	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The elderly women are posing for a picture.	contradiction
1821	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The children are posing for a family photo.	neutral
1822	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Kids pose in front of a mountain background.	entailment
1823	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	A woman drinks wine.	contradiction
1824	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Three children pose for a picture.	entailment
1825	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	A group of children are posing.	entailment
1826	Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The three childeren were enjoying the mountain view background.	neutral
1827	two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.	Three kids are sitting on a rock.	entailment
1828	two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.	A bunch of old people sit on a rock.	contradiction
1829	two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.	Three kids are waiting for their fourth friend.	neutral
1830	An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	The old man is standing outside of a building.	entailment
1831	An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	An old man is standing by a building in downtown.	entailment
1832	An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	The old man is taking a nap at a house.	contradiction
1833	A man in costume is ringing a bell.	A man is wearing a Santa costume.	neutral
1834	A man in costume is ringing a bell.	A man in costume is reading a book.	contradiction
1835	A man in costume is ringing a bell.	A man is playing an instrument.	entailment
1836	two female medical personnel read their charts.	The women work in the health field.	entailment
1837	two female medical personnel read their charts.	The women are reading the charts to assess their patients' condition.	neutral
1838	two female medical personnel read their charts.	The women are playing a game of badminton.	contradiction
1839	A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.	the person is a prisoner	neutral
1840	A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.	the person is in blue and running	contradiction
1841	A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.	a person in orange	entailment
1842	Two men stand around a mixing bowl.	Two men are mixing stuff in a bowl.	neutral
1843	Two men stand around a mixing bowl.	Two men are around a bowl.	entailment
1844	Two men stand around a mixing bowl.	Two men are eating junk food in a car.	contradiction
1845	Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.	The troup of actors is performing in a play.	neutral
1846	Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.	The group of actors performs on the street corner.	contradiction
1847	Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.	A groups of people acts on stage.	entailment
1848	Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.	A woman is lying down.	entailment
1849	Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.	People are dancing outside in the rain.	contradiction
1850	Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.	The people are putting on a play.	neutral
1851	Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.	Two men discussing on business in office	contradiction
1852	Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.	Two men cooking together	neutral
1853	Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.	Near a hanging plant, a metal bowl was used to cook by two mens	entailment
1854	a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.	A woman lying on her shirt so her pants wont get dirty.	neutral
1855	a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.	A woman on top of her clothes.	entailment
1856	a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.	A woman sleeping on her bed	contradiction
1857	Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.	Two men are in the kitchen.	entailment
1858	Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.	Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen at the table and with dinner on their plates.	neutral
1859	Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.	Two men engage in a fight while in the kitchen.	contradiction
1860	Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.	The couple cooks together in the morning.	neutral
1861	Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.	The men go out to eat at a restaurant.	contradiction
1862	Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.	Two guys cook using some rice milk.	entailment
1863	A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.	A man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
1864	A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.	A man is windsurfing on the lake.	neutral
1865	A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.	A man is windsurfing.	entailment
1866	A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.	A kite surfer is trying to keep their balance	neutral
1867	A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.	A kite surfer is falling	entailment
1868	A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.	A kite surfer is flying	contradiction
1869	A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.	There is a windsurfer balancing on choppy water.	entailment
1870	A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.	There is a windsurfer who fell on the ground.	contradiction
1871	A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.	There is a windsurfer who fell in choppy water.	neutral
1872	A man wakeboards on choppy water.	A woman wakeboards on choppy water.	contradiction
1873	A man wakeboards on choppy water.	The man is competeing in a competition.	neutral
1874	A man wakeboards on choppy water.	A man is wakeboarding.	entailment
1875	A man parasails in the choppy water.	The water was choppy as the man parasailed.	entailment
1876	A man parasails in the choppy water.	The man parasailed in the calm water.	contradiction
1877	A man parasails in the choppy water.	The calm waves turned choppy as the main started to parasail.	neutral
1878	A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.	The men in sailor hats are dancing on stage.	neutral
1879	A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.	The chorus is singing.	entailment
1880	A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.	The woman wearing a tiara is getting married.	contradiction
1881	A child using a woodworking tool	the child is a woodworker.	neutral
1882	A child using a woodworking tool	the child is in the bathroom	contradiction
1883	A child using a woodworking tool	the child is working with wood.	entailment
1884	A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.	The kid is wearing skates.	contradiction
1885	A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.	There is snow on the ground.	entailment
1886	A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.	The kid is wearing a hat.	neutral
1887	A person is looking at water jets.	The person is at a car lot.	contradiction
1888	A person is looking at water jets.	The person is interested in a water jet.	entailment
1889	A person is looking at water jets.	The person wants a water jet.	neutral
1890	Two people enjoying a water fountain display.	two people by a fountain	entailment
1891	Two people enjoying a water fountain display.	one dog sleeping	contradiction
1892	Two people enjoying a water fountain display.	two people in the water of a fountain	neutral
1893	A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.	A boy painting a log in the rain.	neutral
1894	A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.	A boy painting a log.	entailment
1895	A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.	A girl aslee on a log.	contradiction
1896	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A log is being painted by a child.	entailment
1897	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting the log blue.	neutral
1898	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A child in a multicolored shirt is painting a log	entailment
1899	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting a log for his grandpa.	neutral
1900	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The log is chasing the child.	contradiction
1901	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting the wood.	entailment
1902	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The boy is painting	neutral
1903	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A child with clothes on is painting somthing	neutral
1904	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting.	entailment
1905	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A child in a plaid shirt is painting.	neutral
1906	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child in the purple shirt is playing basketball.	contradiction
1907	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child uses a log to float down the river.	contradiction
1908	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
1909	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting.	entailment
1910	Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	This crazy dog in a yellow shirt learned how to paint!	contradiction
1911	Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.	A man is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
1912	Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.	Two people are next to a fountain together.	entailment
1913	Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.	Two people are next to a fountain in the park.	neutral
1914	An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.	A woman shares photos of her unborn child smiling.	contradiction
1915	An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.	A pregnant lady shares the sounds of her pregnancy.	entailment
1916	An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.	Someone puts their ear up to a pregnant belly.	neutral
1917	Soccer players on a field from a distance.	Soccer players are in a jacuzzi.	contradiction
1918	Soccer players on a field from a distance.	Soccer players are playing an unofficial match.	neutral
1919	Soccer players on a field from a distance.	There are soccer players on the field.	entailment
1920	Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.	The people hang out in France.	contradiction
1921	Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.	There are people in ChinaTown.	entailment
1922	Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.	There are 10 girls on the street.	neutral
1923	A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.	A human wearing a dress.	entailment
1924	A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.	A man wearing a dress at the dock.	contradiction
1925	A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.	A girl standing at the dock in Atlantic City.	neutral
1926	A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.	A man is sitting down.	entailment
1927	A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.	A man is walking down the street.	contradiction
1928	A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.	A man is sitting on a planter admiring the art.	neutral
1929	A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.	The ground is pristine.	contradiction
1930	A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.	Someone is wearing formal clothes.	entailment
1931	A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.	The child is wearing a hat.	neutral
1932	A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.	boy walks accross patio	entailment
1933	A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.	girl sits on floor	contradiction
1934	A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.	boy walking home	neutral
1935	A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.	He was happy.	neutral
1936	A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.	The child was walking near the grass making a funny face.	entailment
1937	A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.	The man was walking near the grass making a funny face.	contradiction
1938	A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.	The boy is smiling broadly.	contradiction
1939	A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.	The little boy hates having his picture taken.	neutral
1940	A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.	The boy mugs for the camera.	entailment
1941	People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.	Nobody in a truck	contradiction
1942	People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.	Tall humans in a truck	neutral
1943	People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.	Some humans in a truck	entailment
1944	Three construction workers posing with construction materials.	The workers are getting their picture taken.	neutral
1945	Three construction workers posing with construction materials.	The workers are standing still.	entailment
1946	Three construction workers posing with construction materials.	The workers are doctors.	contradiction
1947	Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.	Peole stand by a building supply truck.	entailment
1948	Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.	A woman bowls a perfect game.	contradiction
1949	Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.	Habitat for Humanity prepares to build a house.	neutral
1950	Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.	The three men are laughing at a joke.	neutral
1951	Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.	There is no one working today.	contradiction
1952	Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.	There are three men working.	entailment
1953	Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.	Three men are joyously smiling	neutral
1954	Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.	Three men are not smiling	contradiction
1955	Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.	Three men are smiling	entailment
1956	A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.	A busy Asian Market where people are doing business.	neutral
1957	A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.	A lonely place in East Africa.	contradiction
1958	A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.	A view of a crowed place in an asian country.	entailment
1959	A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.	A woman walked pasted the front of a building.	entailment
1960	A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.	The woman is headed to work.	neutral
1961	A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.	THe woman is wearing pink shorts and blue jacket.	contradiction
1962	The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.	The person is surfing.	entailment
1963	The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.	The surfer is in the ocean.	neutral
1964	The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.	The person is skating.	contradiction
1965	The dogs run and play with a red ball.	The dogs are playing with a ball.	entailment
1966	The dogs run and play with a red ball.	The dogs are playing catch.	neutral
1967	The dogs run and play with a red ball.	The ball is blue.	contradiction
1968	A white dog running in the backyard.	The dog is chasing a stick.	neutral
1969	A white dog running in the backyard.	The dog is running.	entailment
1970	A white dog running in the backyard.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
1971	A woman wearing orange looking upward.	A woman gazes at her shoes	contradiction
1972	A woman wearing orange looking upward.	A woman gazes skyward	entailment
1973	A woman wearing orange looking upward.	A woman looks at an airplane overhead	neutral
1974	Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.	A dog is stuck in a tree.	contradiction
1975	Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.	A dog is chasing another dog.	neutral
1976	Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.	A dog is running outdoors.	entailment
1977	A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.	A cocker spaniel is playing in the grass.	neutral
1978	A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.	A cat is playing with yarn in the kitchen.	contradiction
1979	A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.	A dog is playing in the grass.	entailment
1980	An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture	A couple taking pictures while on vacation	neutral
1981	An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture	A couple taking a picture	entailment
1982	An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture	A couple sleeping in a hotel room	contradiction
1983	Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.	An couple is outside.	entailment
1984	Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.	An older couple are inside.	contradiction
1985	Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.	Two people are at a park.	neutral
1986	The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.	A photographer takes a picture of the boy's parents by the fountain.	entailment
1987	The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.	A girl and her parents sit by the fountain.	contradiction
1988	The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.	A couple has their photo taken outdoors.	neutral
1989	A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.	The man is holding a red balloon.	neutral
1990	A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.	The man is carrying a child.	contradiction
1991	A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.	The man is holding a balloon.	entailment
1992	A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.	the people are laughing and talking	neutral
1993	A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.	people are together	entailment
1994	A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.	the woman sat at the table alone	contradiction
1995	A couple pose in front of a fountain.	There are two people in this picture	entailment
1996	A couple pose in front of a fountain.	They are in Arizona on vacation	neutral
1997	A couple pose in front of a fountain.	They are waiting to be picked up by aliens	contradiction
1998	Two women standing under an umbrella.	two humans close together	entailment
1999	Two women standing under an umbrella.	a couple of friends share an umbrella on a rainy day	neutral
2000	Two women standing under an umbrella.	two guys walking in the rain	contradiction
2001	a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.	The dog sees his owner after a few hours.	neutral
2002	a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.	A dog is being friendly.	entailment
2003	a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.	A dog attacks a man.	contradiction
2004	One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.	Two dogs are sleeping next to the lady.	contradiction
2005	One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.	A lady is near two dogs.	entailment
2006	One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.	The dog jumping is a beagle.	neutral
2007	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The woman is in a pink dress.	neutral
2008	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The little dog is also a golden retriever.	neutral
2009	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Both of the dogs are corgis.	contradiction
2010	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs rest in the sandbox.	contradiction
2011	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The dog greets its owner	neutral
2012	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A cat chases the golden retriever.	contradiction
2013	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs are near a woman.	entailment
2014	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A little dog rides on top of the golden retriever	contradiction
2015	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The woman is greeted by the dog	entailment
2016	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	There are at least two dogs present.	entailment
2017	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs are both excited.	entailment
2018	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A dog charges towards the camera because its food is in front of it.	neutral
2019	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The dog is running away from the woman.	contradiction
2020	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	There are two dogs present.	entailment
2021	A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A Corgi walks toward the camera.	neutral
2022	Kids building and destroying objects.	Kids are playing with Legos.	neutral
2023	Kids building and destroying objects.	Kids are playing with things.	entailment
2024	Kids building and destroying objects.	Kids are playing with live grenades.	contradiction
2025	Children playing with broken office equipment.	Children play baseball in the street.	contradiction
2026	Children playing with broken office equipment.	Children play with old equipment.	entailment
2027	Children playing with broken office equipment.	Children practice typing on an old computer.	neutral
2028	Two children are building something on the floor.	Two children are playing.	entailment
2029	Two children are building something on the floor.	Two children are boys.	neutral
2030	Two children are building something on the floor.	Three people order from a menu.	contradiction
2031	Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.	Kids putting away toys.	entailment
2032	Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.	Adults working in a garden.	contradiction
2033	Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.	Boys tossing trash.	neutral
2034	Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.	The children are swimming.	contradiction
2035	Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.	The children are trying to build a robot.	neutral
2036	Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.	The children are playing.	entailment
2037	Two dogs playing on carpet.	The dogs are in kennels.	contradiction
2038	Two dogs playing on carpet.	Two dogs are together.	entailment
2039	Two dogs playing on carpet.	Two dogs are playing with a bone in their masters house.	neutral
2040	Two bulldogs playing on the floor.	the dogs are indoors	entailment
2041	Two bulldogs playing on the floor.	the dogs are sitting	contradiction
2042	Two bulldogs playing on the floor.	the dogs rolling on the floor	neutral
2043	Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.	Two cats are chasing each other through the house.	contradiction
2044	Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.	A pair of dogs is playing.	entailment
2045	Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.	Two puppies are playing together.	neutral
2046	Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.	Three dogs are sleeping in the grass.	contradiction
2047	Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.	Two dogs play.	entailment
2048	Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.	Two brown dogs are playing together.	neutral
2049	A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.	A scuba diver performnef on top of rocks.	entailment
2050	A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.	A scuba diver stand on a top of rocks to jump into the well.	neutral
2051	A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.	A scuba diver never knows to dive.	contradiction
2052	two dogs wrestle.	Two dogs together.	entailment
2053	two dogs wrestle.	Two dogs sleeping together.	contradiction
2054	two dogs wrestle.	Two dogs playing together.	neutral
2055	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	The construction workers are looking at something interesting.	entailment
2056	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Some construction workers are falling from a tower.	contradiction
2057	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	None of the construction workers have shovels.	contradiction
2058	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	The construction workers are using a pick axes to poke each other.	contradiction
2059	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	3 construction workers poking a dead animal with shovels.	neutral
2060	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	3 construction workers on their lunch break.	contradiction
2061	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Some construction workers found something intriguing.	entailment
2062	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	safety workers fly over the clouds	contradiction
2063	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	3 construction workers with shovels.	entailment
2064	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	safety workers found a treasure chest	neutral
2065	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	safety workers found something cool.	entailment
2066	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Three construction workers have shovels.	entailment
2067	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	The workers are poking something that is alive.	neutral
2068	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Three construction workers have found historical artifacts on their job site.	neutral
2069	3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Some construction workers found a body.	neutral
2070	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two out of three costruction workers are holding shovels while examining an item in the field.	entailment
2071	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Three male construction workers hold shovels as they examine something in a field.	neutral
2072	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	One worker holding a shovel examines something in a field with two colleagues.	contradiction
2073	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Construction workers are looking at a deer in a field.	neutral
2074	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Three men stand outdoors examining something that is in a field.	entailment
2075	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	All of the construction workers are sweating	neutral
2076	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Construction workers are looking at something in a field.	entailment
2077	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two dogs are playing chase in a field.	neutral
2078	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two of the three are also wearing high heels	contradiction
2079	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Three men are in the field	entailment
2080	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two dogs are sleeping in a house.	contradiction
2081	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	The workers are in the parking lot	contradiction
2082	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	They are about to dig	neutral
2083	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	The three workers are outside	entailment
2084	Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Construction workers are sitting around a table playing poker.	contradiction
2085	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Most of the workers were female.	contradiction
2086	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Three men are digging graves.	neutral
2087	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Men are digging.	entailment
2088	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The male workers were outdoors.	entailment
2089	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The Three males are working	entailment
2090	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The three workers are not working at all.	contradiction
2091	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	There are some people digging a hole.	neutral
2092	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The three workers are digging a hole	neutral
2093	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The men are construction workers, working in the field.	neutral
2094	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Three women are climbing trees.	contradiction
2095	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The male workers were working up a sweat.	neutral
2096	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	There are people working.	entailment
2097	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	There are nineteen blue cats from Mars.	contradiction
2098	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The men are wearing very dull work clothes.	contradiction
2099	Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The men are working with shovels.	entailment
2100	People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.	People in safety vests sit in benches eating lunch.	contradiction
2101	People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.	The people in safety vests are outside.	entailment
2102	People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.	The safety vests are a bright yellow color.	neutral
2103	Men doing work in a field.	There are men working.	entailment
2104	Men doing work in a field.	There are women working.	contradiction
2105	Men doing work in a field.	There are men working diligently.	neutral
2106	A man in the city on a cellphone.	A man sleeps on the beach.	contradiction
2107	A man in the city on a cellphone.	A man talks to his wife on a cellphone.	neutral
2108	A man in the city on a cellphone.	A man talks on his cellphone.	entailment
2109	Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.	There are two people walking in the snow.	entailment
2110	Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.	The two people are going to school.	neutral
2111	Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.	The two people with backpacks are hiking on a sunny day.	neutral
2112	A silver car with all of its doors open.	It has 4 doors	neutral
2113	A silver car with all of its doors open.	The car has doord	entailment
2114	A silver car with all of its doors open.	It is a motorcycle	contradiction
2115	Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.	A man and a woman are walking in the snow.	entailment
2116	Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.	People are strolling on a mountain.	neutral
2117	Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.	People are sitting by a snowy mountain.	contradiction
2118	Two people climbing a snowy mountain.	Some people are climbing a snowy mountain.	neutral
2119	Two people climbing a snowy mountain.	Three men are climbing a snowy mountain.	contradiction
2120	Two people climbing a snowy mountain.	Two people are climbing a mountain.	entailment
2121	People lean over in the snow.	The people are trying to get a better view of something.	neutral
2122	People lean over in the snow.	There is snow and more than one person.	entailment
2123	People lean over in the snow.	The day is warm and summery.	contradiction
2124	Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.	Two people are standing.	entailment
2125	Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.	They are looking at the blue car.	neutral
2126	Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.	The car is orange.	contradiction
2127	People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.	People are next to a vehicle in the city.	entailment
2128	People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.	A family has gathered around a car to say goodbye to a departing relative.	neutral
2129	People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.	The station wagon is green.	contradiction
2130	A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.	A car has been jacked and left abandoned.	neutral
2131	A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.	A car is in a race.	contradiction
2132	A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.	A car is parked with all of its doors open.	entailment
2133	Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.	The woman is trying to nurse the dove back to health.	neutral
2134	Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.	The woman is wearing black with doves perched in the tree above her.	contradiction
2135	Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.	Woman is outdoors and cradling a dove.	entailment
2136	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is blonde.	entailment
2137	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman has red hair.	contradiction
2138	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	the woman is a professor	neutral
2139	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman beats two eggs to make breakfast for her husband.	contradiction
2140	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is playing the trumpet on the diving board.	contradiction
2141	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is being photographed for a magazine.	neutral
2142	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	A white bird is being held by a woman who is blonde, dressed in a white dress, and sitting in a flowering tree.	entailment
2143	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman uses her other hand to balance on the branch.	entailment
2144	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	A nice looking woman, who is dressed in white, is sitting in a tree holding a bird.	neutral
2145	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	the woman was under her bed	contradiction
2146	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	A bird is caged by a woman in a house.	contradiction
2147	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	the woman was outside	entailment
2148	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is a fake blonde.	neutral
2149	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is older than 15 years old.	entailment
2150	A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is wearing shoes.	neutral
2151	a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.	A lady is wearing a dress holding a mouse	contradiction
2152	a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.	A lady is wearing a dress holding a bird	entailment
2153	a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.	A lady is wearing a dress holding a friendly bird	neutral
2154	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	There are flowers on the tree	entailment
2155	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the woman is returning a bird to its nest.	neutral
2156	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	A woman is holding a bird.	entailment
2157	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	A woman shoveling snow from her driveway.	contradiction
2158	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the tree has fallen on a bird while sad owner looks concerned	contradiction
2159	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	a woman and bird sit together	entailment
2160	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the woman is climbing up the tree.	contradiction
2161	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The tree is outdoors	neutral
2162	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is standing on the tree	contradiction
2163	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the person is outdoors.	entailment
2164	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is swimming in the ocean with her bird.	contradiction
2165	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is older than 15.	entailment
2166	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	a woman puts her bird ina a tree	neutral
2167	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	A woman is feeding a sick bird while sitting in a tree.	neutral
2168	A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is holding a black bird.	neutral
2169	People picking in a marsh.	People are ice fishing.	contradiction
2170	People picking in a marsh.	People are picking in a marsh in Louisiana.	neutral
2171	People picking in a marsh.	People are near a body of water.	entailment
2172	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A man hunts ducks.	contradiction
2173	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman and a bird are near each other.	entailment
2174	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman is outside.	entailment
2175	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman climbed a tree.	neutral
2176	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	Woman in a tree.	entailment
2177	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	Woman is standing next to a tree.	contradiction
2178	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The woman is listening to the dove	neutral
2179	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The woman is standing on a branch.	contradiction
2180	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
2181	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	Some birds are in a tree.	neutral
2182	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The lady is in her apartment staring at a sparrow.	contradiction
2183	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman is near a bird	entailment
2184	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman tends to an injured bird at the bird's nest.	neutral
2185	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The lady is touching a dove.	neutral
2186	Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The lady and the bird are outside.	entailment
2187	two people working in water next to field	Two people are next to a field.	entailment
2188	two people working in water next to field	Three people are relaxing inside.	contradiction
2189	two people working in water next to field	Two people are planting rice.	neutral
2190	Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.	Two people are planting trees.	contradiction
2191	Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.	Two people are planting bushes for charity.	neutral
2192	Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.	Two people are planting something.	entailment
2193	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is walking in front of an outdoor mural of the president.	neutral
2194	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A guy is gay.	contradiction
2195	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A girl walking in front of a mural featuring a portrait of a bald guy.	entailment
2196	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A woman is on her way home and passes a mural.	neutral
2197	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	a lady walks past a large painting outside	entailment
2198	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	a cat flies an airplane	contradiction
2199	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is walking past the portrait of our new alien overlord king.	contradiction
2200	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person walks in front of a wall painting of a man with no hair.	entailment
2201	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is outdoors.	entailment
2202	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A woman is looking at an outdoor mural.	neutral
2203	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A girl walking in front painting featuring a guy wearing black.	neutral
2204	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	a lady walks past a large painting that she did	neutral
2205	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A woman is looking at a mural inside of a museum.	contradiction
2206	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is walking in front of an outdoor portrait of a man.	entailment
2207	a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A man walks behind a wall mural.	contradiction
2208	A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.	A woman is walking.	entailment
2209	A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.	A woman is spray painting a building.	contradiction
2210	A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.	A woman is walking in a dangerous neighborhood.	neutral
2211	Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.	A woman is walking in an art museum.	neutral
2212	Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.	A woman watches tv.	contradiction
2213	Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.	A woman sees a mural.	entailment
2214	This wall has a picture of a man on it.	There is a wall and it has a picture on it.	entailment
2215	This wall has a picture of a man on it.	There is a wall with a painting on it.	neutral
2216	This wall has a picture of a man on it.	There is a bare wall.	contradiction
2217	A woman walks by a mural.	there is a female in this picture	entailment
2218	A woman walks by a mural.	She is rollerblading with fifteen dogs	contradiction
2219	A woman walks by a mural.	She is admiring the painting on the wall	neutral
2220	A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.	There is no person is on a horse.	contradiction
2221	A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.	A woman is horseback riding the fields.	neutral
2222	A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.	A woman is horseback.	entailment
2223	Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.	Two men are superheroes.	contradiction
2224	Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.	Two men are Asian.	neutral
2225	Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.	Two men are riding bikes.	entailment
2226	A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.	A man sits in his fishing boat out at sea.	contradiction
2227	A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.	A man sits on a deck.	entailment
2228	A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.	A man sits on a deck with his fishing pole nearby.	neutral
2229	The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	The man is on a pier.	neutral
2230	The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	The man is sitting.	entailment
2231	The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	The man is in the desert.	contradiction
2232	Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.	The person is next to a fishing pole.	entailment
2233	Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.	The person is sitting next to one fishing pole.	contradiction
2234	Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.	The fishing poles belong to the perosn.	neutral
2235	A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.	A man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench.	entailment
2236	A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.	A man sits on a wooden bench in a train station filled with bags.	contradiction
2237	A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.	A man sides on a green painted wooden bench.	neutral
2238	A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.	A man sleeping.	contradiction
2239	A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.	A man fishing.	entailment
2240	A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.	A man catching a bass.	neutral
2241	Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.	Young men and women are gathering inside in the streets for a party.	contradiction
2242	Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.	Young men and women are gathering outside to celebrate the Fourth of July.	neutral
2243	Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.	Men and women are outside.	entailment
2244	People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.	People are outside on the roof looking at an accident on the street.	neutral
2245	People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.	People are inside of the building.	contradiction
2246	People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.	People are outside.	entailment
2247	Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.	The people are surfing in the ocean.	contradiction
2248	Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.	The people are looking out the window.	entailment
2249	Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.	The people are suprised.	neutral
2250	A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.	The building is wooden.	contradiction
2251	A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.	The men are making a lot of noise.	neutral
2252	A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.	The building is occupied.	entailment
2253	A man playing the guitar is jumping.	The man rows the boat down the river.	contradiction
2254	A man playing the guitar is jumping.	The guitarist ends the song with a leap.	neutral
2255	A man playing the guitar is jumping.	The guitarist performs.	entailment
2256	A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.	entailment
2257	A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.	A man gets excited as he performs his music in front of the large crowd.	neutral
2258	A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.	A man sits calmly as he plays a slow piece for the group on his guitar.	contradiction
2259	a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.	The guitar playing a new solo he just worked on.	neutral
2260	a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.	The guitar playing is rolling around on the floor covered with peanuts.	contradiction
2261	a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.	A guitar playing is playing for a audience.	entailment
2262	The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.	A male has a musical instrument taking request.	neutral
2263	The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.	A couple at an outdoor concert.	contradiction
2264	The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.	A male has an instrument.	entailment
2265	A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.	The man is riding a unicycle in the circus.	contradiction
2266	A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.	The man is wearing a polo shirt.	entailment
2267	A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.	The man is playing music.	neutral
2268	Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.	a kid using a straw	contradiction
2269	Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.	people playing instruments for money	entailment
2270	Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.	people playing instruments for money because they are homeless	neutral
2271	Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.	the men were playing music on the street corner	entailment
2272	Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.	the musicians were playing in a large stadium	contradiction
2273	Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.	the listener was using an iphone to check her texts	neutral
2274	A lady standing on the corner using her phone.	She is inside her house	contradiction
2275	A lady standing on the corner using her phone.	The lady is outside	entailment
2276	A lady standing on the corner using her phone.	The lady has a smartphone	neutral
2277	A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.	Girl calls her mom	contradiction
2278	A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.	Girl recording a video	neutral
2279	A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.	Girl taking picture	entailment
2280	A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.	A person horse jumping	entailment
2281	A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.	A person who was surgically connected to a horse escapes from captivity.	neutral
2282	A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.	A person kills a horse to send it to a glue factory.	contradiction
2283	Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.	Street performers make their living on the corner.	neutral
2284	Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.	Street performers show their skills.	entailment
2285	Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.	Two musicians perform in a sold out hall.	contradiction
2286	A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.	A woman is playing catch with her son.	neutral
2287	A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.	A female is tossing a round object.	entailment
2288	A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.	A man is throwing a frisbee.	contradiction
2289	Several people read by a campfire at night.	The people are camping by the river.	neutral
2290	Several people read by a campfire at night.	There are people outside.	entailment
2291	Several people read by a campfire at night.	The people are sitting in the classroom.	contradiction
2292	A dog swims in the water.	A dog is swimming to it's owner.	neutral
2293	A dog swims in the water.	A dog is swimming outside.	entailment
2294	A dog swims in the water.	A frog swims in the water.	contradiction
2295	Three people sitting around a fire.	People on a plane.	contradiction
2296	Three people sitting around a fire.	Three people outside.	entailment
2297	Three people sitting around a fire.	People camping.	neutral
2298	A group of people are burning things.	The lonely camper poured water on the campfire.	contradiction
2299	A group of people are burning things.	A group of people are burning stuff.	entailment
2300	A group of people are burning things.	A group of people are burning everything they can.	neutral
2301	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A hippo is swimming in a lake.	contradiction
2302	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	An animal is swimming outside.	entailment
2303	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	The dog is retrieving a duck.	neutral
2304	three people sit around a campfire.	The three people cook hot dogs	neutral
2305	three people sit around a campfire.	The fire burns on	entailment
2306	three people sit around a campfire.	The four girls put out the fire	contradiction
2307	A dog swims through deep water.	Dog swimming in water.	entailment
2308	A dog swims through deep water.	Dog running in an open field.	contradiction
2309	A dog swims through deep water.	The dog has long hair.	neutral
2310	A black and white dog is swimming.	a dog dries itself off	contradiction
2311	A black and white dog is swimming.	a dog is swimming at the lake	neutral
2312	A black and white dog is swimming.	There is an animal in water	entailment
2313	A woman helps boys on a computer.	The woman is helping a kid eat.	contradiction
2314	A woman helps boys on a computer.	The boy is writing his English paper.	neutral
2315	A woman helps boys on a computer.	The boy is using a computer	entailment
2316	A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.	A woman makes pizza.	contradiction
2317	A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.	The lady butcher shows a customer a large cut.	neutral
2318	A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.	A woman handles meat.	entailment
2319	A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.	A woman is working a tough job.	entailment
2320	A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.	A man is watching his employees.	contradiction
2321	A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.	The woman is working inside.	neutral
2322	A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.	Woman handling meat from in front of a wooden counter.	entailment
2323	A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.	Woman petting her dog in the backyard, on a calm sunny day.	contradiction
2324	A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.	Female chef preparing meat at a large wooden counter, with seasonings in a bowl.	neutral
2325	A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.	There is a room full of seventeen children.	neutral
2326	A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.	There is a room full of children.	entailment
2327	A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.	There is a room with a single child.	contradiction
2328	A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.	A girl walks passed a puddle with trees behind here.	neutral
2329	A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.	A woman walks past water with tall trees in the background.	entailment
2330	A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.	A woman goes for a swim in the water fountain with trees in the background.	contradiction
2331	people raise their hands.	People are in class.	neutral
2332	people raise their hands.	People are waiting to answer questions.	entailment
2333	people raise their hands.	The people are being rude.	contradiction
2334	An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.	A black man in a suit is moving his hands diligently while speaking.	entailment
2335	An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.	A white man in overalls is moving his hands while speaking.	contradiction
2336	An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.	A black man has great enthusiasm and is waving his hands while speaking.	neutral
2337	A man is browsing things for sale on the street.	A man is browsing things for sale on the road.	entailment
2338	A man is browsing things for sale on the street.	A sad man is browsing things for sale on the street.	neutral
2339	A man is browsing things for sale on the street.	A woman is browsing things for sale on the street.	contradiction
2340	A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	A man outside on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	entailment
2341	A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	A man is giving his house a fresh coat of paint.	neutral
2342	A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	Picasso is doodling in a notebook.	contradiction
2343	Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.	The sun is shining directly on the house to be repaired.	neutral
2344	Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.	Its raining outside.	contradiction
2345	Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.	It is to warm to be outside.	entailment
2346	A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.	A man is playing basketball.	contradiction
2347	A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.	A construction worker is repairing siding.	neutral
2348	A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.	A man is wearing a hat.	entailment
2349	Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.	Children get some temporary bodily decorations	entailment
2350	Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.	Old man paint on canvas by the river	contradiction
2351	Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.	Children at a festival get temporary tattoos	neutral
2352	A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.	A small boy runs away from his babysitter and into the woods.	neutral
2353	A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.	A girl is dancing.	contradiction
2354	A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.	The boy is playing in the woods.	entailment
2355	A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.	The boy is sitting inside his tent.	contradiction
2356	A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.	A boy is outside.	entailment
2357	A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.	A young boy is looking for birds in the woods.	neutral
2358	A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.	A young girl plays with dolls.	contradiction
2359	A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.	A child walks through the woods looking for animals.	neutral
2360	A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.	A young child walks through the woods.	entailment
2361	A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.	A child is running in Autumn with his dad.	neutral
2362	A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.	A child is running over leaves.	entailment
2363	A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.	An old man is running over leaves.	contradiction
2364	Young boy jogging through the forest.	Little Timmy was chased by goblins through the forest	neutral
2365	Young boy jogging through the forest.	A kid sits by the stream	contradiction
2366	Young boy jogging through the forest.	A child runs through the woods	entailment
2367	a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.	A boy is running through a rose garden.	neutral
2368	a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.	A child is running.	entailment
2369	a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.	A puppy is sitting.	contradiction
2370	A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.	A crew is getting ready	entailment
2371	A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.	The team loses the game.	neutral
2372	A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.	The team is playing basketball	neutral
2373	Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.	the men are sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
2374	Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.	The men are having a conversation.	entailment
2375	Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.	The men talk about their game.	neutral
2376	commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.	Commentators and broadcasters are preparing at the arena before a game	entailment
2377	commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.	Commentators and broadcasters are rehearsing at the arena before a game	neutral
2378	commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.	Commentators and broadcasters are rushing through traffic before a game	contradiction
2379	Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.	Three basketball commentators are yelling	neutral
2380	Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.	Three basketball commentators are fighting the basketball players.	contradiction
2381	Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.	Three people are watching basketball from the sideline	entailment
2382	Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.	Reporters or commentators at a sporting event await the press conference from the head coach.	neutral
2383	Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.	A group of people have gathered at a sporting event behind a large sign.	entailment
2384	Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.	No one gathered at a sporting event near the large sign.	contradiction
2385	Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.	There is fire visible in the shot.	entailment
2386	Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.	There is only one food item visible, and it is a burrito.	contradiction
2387	Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.	One of the women is having her 30th birthday.	neutral
2388	A girl touches the fountain with her foot.	A volcano erupts.	contradiction
2389	A girl touches the fountain with her foot.	A girl and a fountain.	entailment
2390	A girl touches the fountain with her foot.	A girl and a drinking fountain.	neutral
2391	A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.	The girl is being blown away by the wind.	contradiction
2392	A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.	A girl is wearing pink and white.	entailment
2393	A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.	The girl has a handbasket.	neutral
2394	A young girl in all pink clothing walking.	A child is wearing only one color.	entailment
2395	A young girl in all pink clothing walking.	The girl is wearing all blue clothing.	contradiction
2396	A young girl in all pink clothing walking.	The girl is walking to school.	neutral
2397	A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.	A young girl wears blue in the classroom.	contradiction
2398	A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.	A young girl wears pink with black shoes.	neutral
2399	A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.	A young girl wears a pink outfit.	entailment
2400	A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.	A man is posing beside a road sign in the snow	entailment
2401	A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.	A man is making faces while jumping in the air.	neutral
2402	A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.	A child is running down the road.	contradiction
2403	The little girl is dressed in pink.	A little girl is dressed in the same color.	entailment
2404	The little girl is dressed in pink.	A little girl is wearing a pink dress.	neutral
2405	The little girl is dressed in pink.	Nobody is there.	contradiction
2406	A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.	It is snowing.	entailment
2407	A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.	The man is exercising.	neutral
2408	A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.	It is very hot.	contradiction
2409	A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.	A little boy is swimming by the Jersey Shore	neutral
2410	A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.	A little boy is swimming in his backyard pool	contradiction
2411	A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.	A little boy is outside in the water	entailment
2412	A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.	child got hurt on bike	neutral
2413	A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.	nurse treats child	entailment
2414	A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.	moose eats trees	contradiction
2415	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There is only one person present.	contradiction
2416	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Three kids prepare to go canoeing while their friend uses his kayak.	neutral
2417	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Some kids are taking a test at school.	contradiction
2418	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Three kids stand at the shore of a lake.	entailment
2419	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	The kids are all at camp.	neutral
2420	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A ship sinks in the ocean.	contradiction
2421	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	The kids are getting ready to go for a swim.	neutral
2422	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	The redheaded boy is ready to kayak on the lake.	neutral
2423	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
2424	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A boy in a yellow kayak.	entailment
2425	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A church youth group prepares to go out on the lake in kayaks and canoes.	neutral
2426	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Three children stand near a clear lake and some canoes, while a fourth child sits in a kayak holding a paddle, dressed in red.	entailment
2427	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	The grass is green.	entailment
2428	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A lake is trying to pull the kids into it.	contradiction
2429	There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There is no water in the lake.	contradiction
2430	In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.	The people are on a family canoe trip.	neutral
2431	In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.	A young man is canoeing.	entailment
2432	In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.	A group of people white water rafts down a raging river.	contradiction
2433	a child is paddleboarding outdoors	A child goes paddleboarding for the first time.	neutral
2434	a child is paddleboarding outdoors	An old man falls off a paddleboard.	contradiction
2435	a child is paddleboarding outdoors	A small human in the water.	entailment
2436	A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.	A child has a bowl on her head.	entailment
2437	A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.	A young girl has a bowl on her head filled with spaghetti.	neutral
2438	A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.	A girl has a plate on her head.	contradiction
2439	Three men sit together while one looks at a book.	Three men are reading the bible.	neutral
2440	Three men sit together while one looks at a book.	People are staring at text.	entailment
2441	Three men sit together while one looks at a book.	Women are reading a book.	contradiction
2442	A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A nurse monitors a patient.	entailment
2443	A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A nurse is administering an injection.	contradiction
2444	A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A woman watching over a person.	entailment
2445	The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.	A little girl is playing a board game with her brother.	contradiction
2446	The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.	A small child is reading her book to her stuffed animals.	neutral
2447	The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.	A small child is holding a book.	entailment
2448	The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.	The sleeping child is standing.	contradiction
2449	The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.	The sleeping child is in the hospital.	entailment
2450	The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.	The sleeping child lies on a hospital bed.	neutral
2451	A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.	the girl reads a book about dogs	neutral
2452	A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.	the girl reads a book	entailment
2453	A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.	the dog eats rats	contradiction
2454	A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.	The crowd watches a baseball game	entailment
2455	A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.	The crowd is watching a track meet.	contradiction
2456	A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.	The Pirates are playing the Mets.	neutral
2457	There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.	The final game of the championship is being played while many fans are in the stands.	neutral
2458	There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.	Fans fill the seats as they watch their favorite soccer teams battle it out on the pitch.	contradiction
2459	There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.	A baseball game is being played.	entailment
2460	A baseball player getting ready to bat.	The baseball player is batting with a blue bat.	neutral
2461	A baseball player getting ready to bat.	The player is ready to hit.	entailment
2462	A baseball player getting ready to bat.	The basketball player is going to throw the ball.	contradiction
2463	A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.	One man with a bat wearing red and white.	entailment
2464	A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.	Someone wearing green and yellow holds a crickett bat.	contradiction
2465	A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.	A man is up next to bat.	neutral
2466	A baseball player is holding a bat.	The person has a piece of athletic equipment.	entailment
2467	A baseball player is holding a bat.	The man will hit a ball.	neutral
2468	A baseball player is holding a bat.	An athlete is playing piano.	contradiction
2469	A lone boat sitting in the water.	A boat sits alone at the docks edge.	entailment
2470	A lone boat sitting in the water.	The boat was surrounded by other large steam ships.	contradiction
2471	A lone boat sitting in the water.	A boat is floating.	neutral
2472	A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.	A girl in a tank top and pants is running.	entailment
2473	A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.	A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall yellow flowers.	neutral
2474	A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.	A girl in a blue dress is sitting under a tall tree.	contradiction
2475	Four ice skaters racing around a corner.	The people are sitting on a couch.	contradiction
2476	Four ice skaters racing around a corner.	The people are all on the same team.	neutral
2477	Four ice skaters racing around a corner.	The people are racing.	entailment
2478	Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.	Two men talk at the beach.	entailment
2479	Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.	Two men talk in the rain.	contradiction
2480	Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.	Two men talk about their wives at the beach.	neutral
2481	Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.	Four people are skating.	entailment
2482	Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.	Four people are at the bar.	contradiction
2483	Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.	Four people are racing.	neutral
2484	Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.	People are playing a game on the ice.	entailment
2485	Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.	The couple is taking a picture.	contradiction
2486	Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.	People are playing a game wearing colorful skates.	neutral
2487	Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.	The people are skating.	entailment
2488	Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.	The skaters compete in an olympic qualifying event.	neutral
2489	Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.	The boy and girl are swimming across the lake.	contradiction
2490	Four women participating in an ice-skating race.	Some humans participating.	entailment
2491	Four women participating in an ice-skating race.	Huge humans participating.	contradiction
2492	Four women participating in an ice-skating race.	No humans participating	neutral
2493	A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.	The soccer players are standing around drinking water.	contradiction
2494	A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.	Soccer players are running on the grass.	entailment
2495	A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.	A soccer team practices after school.	neutral
2496	Runners in a marathon going uphill.	Runners must go uphill in the marathon to reach the checkpoint.	neutral
2497	Runners in a marathon going uphill.	Runners run in the marathon.	entailment
2498	Runners in a marathon going uphill.	The runners will not go uphill.	contradiction
2499	An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.	The man is eating dinner.	contradiction
2500	An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.	The man is looking for something in the boxes.	neutral
2501	An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.	The man is moving a box,	entailment
2502	An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.	A man stacking crates.	entailment
2503	An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.	A man counting stock and moving crates.	neutral
2504	An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.	A man stacking boxes in a truck.	contradiction
2505	Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.	A man working hard.	entailment
2506	Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.	A guy like to keep things tidy.	neutral
2507	Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.	A chicken prepares for battle.	contradiction
2508	Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.	A man performs simple work functions.	entailment
2509	Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.	A man is using a machine to stack crates.	neutral
2510	Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.	A man stacks crates next to each other.	contradiction
2511	An elderly male is reaching for a crate.	A woman standing on a crate	contradiction
2512	An elderly male is reaching for a crate.	A man and a crate	neutral
2513	An elderly male is reaching for a crate.	An old man trying to get to a crate	entailment
2514	A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.	One girl is sitting.	entailment
2515	A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.	The girl is swimming.	contradiction
2516	A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.	The girls are getting dressed for the game.	neutral
2517	A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers	A girl is busy reading while another sits nearby.	entailment
2518	A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers	Two girls are getting books out of their lockers.	contradiction
2519	A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers	Two girls are in school.	neutral
2520	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Men are working.	entailment
2521	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are inside a boat.	contradiction
2522	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Construction workers are digging a hole behind the fence.	neutral
2523	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are working outside.	entailment
2524	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are standing on top of a fence.	contradiction
2525	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men a hats and yellow shirts are working behind a fence.	entailment
2526	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	The group of men are fighting chickens behind a fence.	contradiction
2527	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men work.	entailment
2528	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	The men in hats and shirts are working fast behind a fence.	neutral
2529	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men work behind a fence.	entailment
2530	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men work on digging up something behind a fence.	neutral
2531	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	The men wear uniforms.	neutral
2532	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are gardeners.	neutral
2533	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men in yellow shirts doze off in the grass.	contradiction
2534	Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Tulips grow out of Popeye's ears.	contradiction
2535	Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.	Two women are looking for something.	contradiction
2536	Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.	Two men are looking for a lost ring.	neutral
2537	Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.	Two men are looking for something.	entailment
2538	Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.	Two workers are opening a utility box.	entailment
2539	Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.	Two workers are hammering in nails on a deck.	contradiction
2540	Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.	Two electricians are opening a utility box.	neutral
2541	Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	Sad Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	neutral
2542	Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	People wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	entailment
2543	Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	Women wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	contradiction
2544	Two people doing yard work.	Two people sitting at a desk	contradiction
2545	Two people doing yard work.	Two people planting a vegetable garden	neutral
2546	Two people doing yard work.	People working in a yard	entailment
2547	A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.	Two guys are talking.	entailment
2548	A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.	Five girls are talking.	contradiction
2549	A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.	Two guys are talking and someone interrupts them.	neutral
2550	An older man with a cane stands against a wall.	A disabled man is resting his painful back	neutral
2551	An older man with a cane stands against a wall.	A person is standing	entailment
2552	An older man with a cane stands against a wall.	A man is sitting on the train	contradiction
2553	One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.	People are outside in the snow.	entailment
2554	One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.	One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the school grounds in a snowy background.	neutral
2555	One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.	One person is holding two other people hostage with a gun on a plane.	contradiction
2556	A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.	The guy is getting ready to throw snow at some people.	entailment
2557	A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.	The father and the two kids are playing on the beach.	contradiction
2558	A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.	The father is going to throw snow on his two kids.	neutral
2559	Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike	Humans waiting	entailment
2560	Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike	Tall humans waiting	neutral
2561	Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike	Nobody is waiting	contradiction
2562	two dogs playing	The two dogs are sleeping under the porch of the house.	contradiction
2563	two dogs playing	There are two animals in this picture.	entailment
2564	two dogs playing	The two dogs are chasing a frisbee across the field, thrown over and over by their owner.	neutral
2565	Two dogs look at one another outside.	Two dogs are outside.	entailment
2566	Two dogs look at one another outside.	Two dogs are in the backyard glaring at each other over which will get to reach the bone first.	neutral
2567	Two dogs look at one another outside.	Four dogs look at one another inside.	contradiction
2568	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two little dogs run across the grass.	entailment
2569	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	animals are running outdoors	entailment
2570	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	It is raining on two dogs.	neutral
2571	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	the pets are laying on the floor inside.	contradiction
2572	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	The canines run near each other.	entailment
2573	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	A pair of dogs are playing together.	neutral
2574	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Three cats are sleeping.	contradiction
2575	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	The dogs fall asleep near the cats.	contradiction
2576	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs are outside.	entailment
2577	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs sit down.	contradiction
2578	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	some small dogs are running to their owners	neutral
2579	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two small brown dogs run across the green grass.	neutral
2580	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	One dog chases after the other dog.	neutral
2581	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs are outside.	entailment
2582	Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two large dogs run across the sidewalk.	contradiction
2583	Three people playing in the snow.	Three people play outside	entailment
2584	Three people playing in the snow.	Three people sit in a hot tub	contradiction
2585	Three people playing in the snow.	Three people build a snowman	neutral
2586	two small dogs playing with each other in the grass	Two dogs are playing tug-o-war.	neutral
2587	two small dogs playing with each other in the grass	Two dogs are playing.	entailment
2588	two small dogs playing with each other in the grass	Two dogs are fighting.	contradiction
2589	A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.	The man wearing the jacket stood in front of two women.	entailment
2590	A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.	The man was wearing a black jacket.	contradiction
2591	a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.	A woman sees a man sitting still.	contradiction
2592	a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.	A woman is watching a sporting event.	neutral
2593	a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.	A woman is watching a man kick things.	entailment
2594	A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.	A girl looking at some squares on the bench	contradiction
2595	A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.	A married couple examining some balls	neutral
2596	A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.	Two people looking at balls	entailment
2597	A man and old woman is playing a game	Two kids watch tv.	contradiction
2598	A man and old woman is playing a game	Two people play a game.	entailment
2599	A man and old woman is playing a game	An old woman plays a game with her son.	neutral
2600	a black dog digging through the snow.	The puppy is playing outside.	entailment
2601	a black dog digging through the snow.	The animal likes to roll in the winter to stay warm.	neutral
2602	a black dog digging through the snow.	The pet is inside the house.	contradiction
2603	Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.	There are people making music together.	entailment
2604	Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.	The band is eating lunch at their favorite cafe	contradiction
2605	Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.	The band is playing a benefit concert in the park.	neutral
2606	An older man plying a guitar in a band.	The man is holding the instrument.	entailment
2607	An older man plying a guitar in a band.	The man is playing the harmonica in his bathroom.	contradiction
2608	An older man plying a guitar in a band.	The man has white hair.	neutral
2609	An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.	People making music together	entailment
2610	An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.	A band playing for their fans at the local arena	neutral
2611	An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.	A group of people holding babies in a hospital	contradiction
2612	Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.	The band was trying to get their break.	neutral
2613	Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.	Three people went to the planetarium.	contradiction
2614	Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.	The band had a fiddler and a guitarist.	entailment
2615	Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.	Children are playing in a tire swing.	entailment
2616	Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.	Children are playing on a slide at the park.	contradiction
2617	Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.	Children are playing in a tire swing on a sunny morning.	neutral
2618	An elderly man playing guitar on stage.	A sad man playing guitar on stage.	neutral
2619	An elderly man playing guitar on stage.	An elderly woman playing guitar on stage.	contradiction
2620	An elderly man playing guitar on stage.	An elderly person playing guitar on stage.	entailment
2621	Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.	Students are working on their art projects in the classroom.	entailment
2622	Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.	The students are using crayon for their art projects.	neutral
2623	Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.	The students are being taught an algebra lesson.	contradiction
2624	A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.	A dog loves standing in the snow.	neutral
2625	A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.	A dog is outside in the snow.	entailment
2626	A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.	A dog is rolling around in the snow.	contradiction
2627	a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.	the cat is sleeping on the woman	contradiction
2628	a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.	There are some dogs that are fighting	entailment
2629	a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.	The dogs are just playing	neutral
2630	A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.	A group of cheerleaders cheering.	entailment
2631	A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.	Two girls riding bikes.	contradiction
2632	A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.	A group of cheerleaders practicing during a football game.	neutral
2633	A old man with a cane standing outside.	An old man talks to his neighbor while standing in the park.	neutral
2634	A old man with a cane standing outside.	A man is standing.	entailment
2635	A old man with a cane standing outside.	An old man rides a bicycle.	contradiction
2636	The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.	a woman writes down what she is seeing	entailment
2637	The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.	she is looking at bacteria	neutral
2638	The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.	there is a child playing	contradiction
2639	A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.	The woman is in the beauty salon having her hair and nails done	contradiction
2640	A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.	The woman is using a microscope and taking notes	entailment
2641	A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.	The scientist has just made a discovery and is writing it down	neutral
2642	A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.	The teaching assistant shows the class how to document changes in the bacteria slides.	neutral
2643	A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.	The teacher is writing on the chalkboard.	contradiction
2644	A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.	A woman looks through the microscope.	entailment
2645	Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.	Ensuring that all the clothes are clean and pressed.	contradiction
2646	Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.	Establishing that everything is accurately recorded.	entailment
2647	Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.	Ensuring an accurate account is kept in case there are legal issues in the future.	neutral
2648	Three dogs affectionately playing	The dogs have a toy.	neutral
2649	Three dogs affectionately playing	The dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
2650	Three dogs affectionately playing	The animals are friendly to each other.	entailment
2651	Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	There are people getting on a tour boat.	entailment
2652	Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	The tour boat is sinking.	contradiction
2653	Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	The passengers are going on a cruise.	neutral
2654	A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.	People take a swim at the lake	entailment
2655	A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.	An iced over lake is bereft of anyone around it	contradiction
2656	A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.	A group gathers at the lake on the first day of summer	neutral
2657	A black dog digs in the snow.	The dog sleeping in his bed	contradiction
2658	A black dog digs in the snow.	The black dog is outside	entailment
2659	A black dog digs in the snow.	Dog is searching for somehting in the snow	neutral
2660	A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.	A woman spends money.	entailment
2661	A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.	A woman is in the mall.	contradiction
2662	A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.	A woman bought lettuce.	neutral
2663	Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!	A girl is about to go to the hospital.	neutral
2664	Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!	A girl lost her fingers!	entailment
2665	Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!	A boy is watching tv.	contradiction
2666	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Women playing sports	contradiction
2667	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	A couple women are playing frisbee.	entailment
2668	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are outside.	neutral
2669	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are playing frisbee together in a grass field outdoors.	neutral
2670	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are playing a game.	entailment
2671	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two woman playing games	entailment
2672	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
2673	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	A couple of women are playing frisbee on the beach.	neutral
2674	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are playing frisbee together.	entailment
2675	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	A couple of women are playing catch with a baseball.	contradiction
2676	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women sitting in a park	contradiction
2677	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	friends playing games	neutral
2678	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Three women playing frisbee	entailment
2679	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are watching a spaceship fly through the air.	contradiction
2680	Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women playing catch	neutral
2681	Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.	Two men sell vegetables at an outdoor stand.	entailment
2682	Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.	The men are selling home made cheese and butter.	contradiction
2683	Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.	The men are farm hands.	neutral
2684	Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.	The woman is posing.	entailment
2685	Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.	The woman is lying down.	neutral
2686	Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.	The woman is old.	contradiction
2687	Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.	The man is serving salad.	neutral
2688	Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.	The man is working the vegetable stand.	entailment
2689	Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.	The man is cooking at a grill.	contradiction
2690	A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.	A lady is getting ready for a banquet.	contradiction
2691	A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.	A lady is near a blow dryer.	entailment
2692	A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.	A woman is at the salon.	neutral
2693	A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.	the young man is wearing a black t-shirt modeled after a tuxedo	contradiction
2694	A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.	the young man is playing the saxophone	entailment
2695	A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.	the young man is auditioning for julliard	neutral
2696	Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.	The band was great!	neutral
2697	Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.	The band members were singing.	entailment
2698	Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.	The band was not there.	contradiction
2699	The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A boy is playing in the school band on stage.	neutral
2700	The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A girls is polishing the instruments.	contradiction
2701	The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A boy is playing an instrument.	entailment
2702	Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.	A young band is competing in a talent show.	neutral
2703	Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.	A school band is playing.	entailment
2704	Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.	A group of men are working in a play.	contradiction
2705	A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.	Some people are playing instruments for a school holiday concert.	neutral
2706	A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.	People are singing and playing instruments.	entailment
2707	A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.	The singing woman is wearing a green dress.	contradiction
2708	A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.	A single person plays a harmonica alone.	contradiction
2709	A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.	A music group plays good music.	neutral
2710	A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.	A music group plays music.	entailment
2711	A musical quintet are performing at a festival.	Four people at a festival.	entailment
2712	A musical quintet are performing at a festival.	Two men sleeping.	contradiction
2713	A musical quintet are performing at a festival.	 A musical quintet are performing their favorite song at a festival.	neutral
2714	A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.	A solo performer sits alone on the stage.	contradiction
2715	A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.	A band performs a musical number on stage.	entailment
2716	A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.	A bluegrass band performs a song.	neutral
2717	A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.	a heavy set woman wearing a jacket is not happy.	entailment
2718	A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.	a slim woman is enjoying her blue jacket.	contradiction
2719	A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.	a large woman got irritated.	neutral
2720	Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.	The men are old	neutral
2721	Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.	The men are sleeping	contradiction
2722	Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.	Two men are in wheelchairs	entailment
2723	A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.	There is a person with a boogie board.	entailment
2724	A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.	The person is at a water park.	neutral
2725	A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.	The person with the boogie board is walking home on the sidewalk.	contradiction
2726	A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.	Two people in love are in the middle of a huge crowd.	neutral
2727	A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.	Two complete strangers are the only ones in the room.	contradiction
2728	A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.	A married couple is in the proximity of other humans.	entailment
2729	A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying	A young women is sitting.	entailment
2730	A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying	The young women is outside at a red table.	contradiction
2731	A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying	The young women is in college.	neutral
2732	A referee is speaking to some players on a field.	referee discussing with player	entailment
2733	A referee is speaking to some players on a field.	players playing	contradiction
2734	A referee is speaking to some players on a field.	players in field	neutral
2735	Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.	man and woman talking	entailment
2736	Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.	dog looks at car	contradiction
2737	Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.	husband and wife talk	neutral
2738	Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.	two teams playing rugby.	contradiction
2739	Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.	two teams playing a game.	entailment
2740	Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.	two teams chasing a football.	neutral
2741	Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.	Two teams playing.	entailment
2742	Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.	One team practicing rugby.	contradiction
2743	Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.	Two teams that are rivals.	neutral
2744	Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.	The rugby players forgot to bring their ball today.	contradiction
2745	Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.	The rugby players are outside.	neutral
2746	Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.	The words on the wall are wrote in blue.	entailment
2747	A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.	The men are playing frisbee.	neutral
2748	A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.	The men are fishing on a boat.	contradiction
2749	A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.	The men are playing basketball.	entailment
2750	A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.	A group is struggling over a ball.	entailment
2751	A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.	A group of basketball players rest on the sidelines.	contradiction
2752	A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.	A group of rugby players fight for a ball in the final minutes of a game.	neutral
2753	A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.	a couple boys are together	entailment
2754	A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.	boys are saying goodbye to each other	neutral
2755	A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.	girls are swimming	contradiction
2756	Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.	A couple of young boys are washing their hands.	entailment
2757	Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.	A couple of kids are covered in dirt.	neutral
2758	Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.	A couple of kids are running down a hall.	contradiction
2759	Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.	Asian women cooking food	contradiction
2760	Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.	Asian women playing dress up	neutral
2761	Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.	Asian women in a parade	entailment
2762	A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.	The sun is behind the subject of the man taking the picture.	neutral
2763	A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.	The man taking the picture is wearing shorts and sunglasses.	entailment
2764	A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.	A man in purple shorts takes a picture.	contradiction
2765	Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.	3 people are on the sidewalk	entailment
2766	Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.	3 Asian women wait for the bus	neutral
2767	Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.	3 white people sit on the curb	contradiction
2768	A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.	The people are outdoors eating and drinking.	entailment
2769	A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.	The people are chatting with one another.	neutral
2770	A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.	The people are inside at the dining room table.	contradiction
2771	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.	A woman and man are standing in front of a building.	entailment
2772	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.	A couple is painting graffiti on the side of a building.	neutral
2773	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.	A single man is alone in a boat on the ocean.	contradiction
2774	A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.	Some people are outside.	entailment
2775	A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.	The man is asking his girlfriend to marry him.	neutral
2776	A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.	Two people are sitting in the movie theater.	contradiction
2777	A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.	The woman is talking to another woman.	contradiction
2778	A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.	The woman is talking to her husband.	neutral
2779	A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.	The woman is talking.	entailment
2780	Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".	The building was vandalized by a gang.	neutral
2781	Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".	Two people stand outside.	entailment
2782	Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".	The building was burnt down due to arson.	contradiction
2783	A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.	The adults are eating dinner.	neutral
2784	A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.	The adults are wearing clothes.	entailment
2785	A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.	The children are eating the meal.	contradiction
2786	Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.	The two people are standing back to back.	contradiction
2787	Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.	The two people are outdoors	entailment
2788	Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.	The two people are old friends	neutral
2789	A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.	A woman in black sips a drink as she looks at the dogs below her.	contradiction
2790	A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.	A person drinks while people watching.	entailment
2791	A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.	A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her in the street.	neutral
2792	Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.	The people are all nude.	contradiction
2793	Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.	People are walking on a street.	entailment
2794	Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.	The lady is ravishing.	neutral
2795	A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is a view of a city street with some people wearing white and red walking.	entailment
2796	A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is a view of a city street with many people wearing white and red while walking.	entailment
2797	A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is no view of the city street with some people wearing black and yellow while walking.	contradiction
2798	Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.	The people are making noise together.	entailment
2799	Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.	The people are singing on stage.	neutral
2800	Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.	The people are quietly eating.	contradiction
2801	An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.	The couple sing harmoniously as the woman plucks her glittery banjo, it's sparkle standing out in the crowd.	contradiction
2802	An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.	The man and woman singing due play their instruments, although the woman's instrument is blocked by something.	entailment
2803	An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.	The couple sing and play together nicely, even if the man's brown hat is blocking the woman's instrument.	neutral
2804	A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.	The woman sipped her drink.	entailment
2805	A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.	The woman ate a candy bar on the balcony.	contradiction
2806	A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.	The woman sat on the balcony and watched the Bull run.	neutral
2807	A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.	old people are singing for their church	neutral
2808	A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.	old people are singing and playing instruments	entailment
2809	A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.	the old people are on their death beds watching tv	contradiction
2810	Several people are standing in a fenced in area.	There are some people standing around whilst fenced in.	entailment
2811	Several people are standing in a fenced in area.	There are eight people surrounded by a fence.	neutral
2812	Several people are standing in a fenced in area.	A few people are sitting down in a fenced area.	contradiction
2813	A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.	A winter scene with four people walking to a party.	neutral
2814	A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.	A winter scene with people walking.	entailment
2815	A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.	A winter landscape with people dressed in swimsuits.	contradiction
2816	two dogs run across dry ground.	two animals run across dry ground.	entailment
2817	two dogs run across dry ground.	two cats run across dry ground.	contradiction
2818	two dogs run across dry ground.	two big dogs run across dry ground.	neutral
2819	Two dogs walking along dirt path.	The animals are taking a nap inside.	contradiction
2820	Two dogs walking along dirt path.	The animals are moving.	entailment
2821	Two dogs walking along dirt path.	A pit bull and a golden retriever take the short cut home.	neutral
2822	The dogs are walking in the desert.	The dogs are running in the desert.	contradiction
2823	The dogs are walking in the desert.	The dogs are walking to the water in the desert.	neutral
2824	The dogs are walking in the desert.	The dogs are on the beach.	entailment
2825	Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.	There are some dogs outside.	entailment
2826	Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.	The dogs are leading the cameraman somewhere.	neutral
2827	Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.	The dogs are running towards the camera.	contradiction
2828	A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!	a man watersking for the first time	neutral
2829	A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!	a man on a motorcycle	contradiction
2830	A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!	a man watersking	entailment
2831	Two dogs playing outside.	A couple of mutts are chasing a squirrel.	neutral
2832	Two dogs playing outside.	There are canines in the yard.	entailment
2833	Two dogs playing outside.	Two dogs are running through the house.	contradiction
2834	A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.	the girl laughing	neutral
2835	A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.	the girl is wearing jeans.	contradiction
2836	A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.	THe girl is on tv	entailment
2837	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	All the girls are smiling.	neutral
2838	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	The girls are wearing red sweaters.	contradiction
2839	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	At least one girl is smiling.	entailment
2840	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	Girls wearing blue dresses play with a piece of fabric and pose for a picture.	neutral
2841	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	The girl just noticed the camera.	neutral
2842	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	There is a smiling girl pointing to the camera.	entailment
2843	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A man holding fabric while a girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	contradiction
2844	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	a number of girls dressed in blue, one of whom smiles	entailment
2845	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A lady holds fabric while another woman points at the camera.	entailment
2846	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A girl smiles and points at a picture.	entailment
2847	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	The girls are wearing shorts.	contradiction
2848	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	Girls in swimsuits get ready to dive into an empty pool.	contradiction
2849	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	two woman pose for a picture, and one of them is holding fabric.	neutral
2850	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	a birthday group is photographed	neutral
2851	Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	twenty puppys lick a sad girls tears	contradiction
2852	Dog catching a red Frisbee.	A dog watches a frisbee pass over his head and yawns.	contradiction
2853	Dog catching a red Frisbee.	A dog is playing catch.	entailment
2854	Dog catching a red Frisbee.	A dog catches a frisbee in the park.	neutral
2855	Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.	A group of boys playing ball.	contradiction
2856	Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.	A group of girls using cloths to wash a car.	neutral
2857	Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.	A group of girls in blue holding cloths.	entailment
2858	A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.	Nobody is in a pool.	contradiction
2859	A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.	A human in a pool	entailment
2860	A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.	A tall human in a pool	neutral
2861	Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.	Two Indian people people dancing at a wedding.	entailment
2862	Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.	Two Indian people eating a wedding dinner.	contradiction
2863	Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.	An Indian couple dancing at their wedding.	neutral
2864	The boys draw in the sand with sticks.	The adults build crappy sandcastles.	contradiction
2865	The boys draw in the sand with sticks.	The teenagers try to out draw each other on the beach.	neutral
2866	The boys draw in the sand with sticks.	The children play simply.	entailment
2867	A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.	A girl wearing a red dress is playing on the monkey bars.	contradiction
2868	A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.	A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground.	entailment
2869	A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.	A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground with friends.	neutral
2870	A swimmer is emerging from the water	The swimmer is coming up from the water.	entailment
2871	A swimmer is emerging from the water	The swimmer is coming up for air.	neutral
2872	A swimmer is emerging from the water	The swimmer is drowning.	contradiction
2873	A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.	The beard is short.	neutral
2874	A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.	A bearded man is wearing an America-themed shirt.	entailment
2875	A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.	The bandanna is yellow.	contradiction
2876	A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.	The swimmer is diving deep into the ocean.	contradiction
2877	A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.	The swimmer is getting out of the water.	entailment
2878	A swimmer exits the water after a competition.	A person is wet.	entailment
2879	A swimmer exits the water after a competition.	A person is running in a field.	contradiction
2880	A swimmer exits the water after a competition.	A swimmer won a competition.	neutral
2881	The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.	The child is talking to his friend.	neutral
2882	The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.	The child is in a barren field.	contradiction
2883	The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.	The child is wearing green.	entailment
2884	Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.	Three people without hats are sitting on the beach.	contradiction
2885	Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.	Four people are enjoying their day outside.	neutral
2886	Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.	Four people sit outside.	entailment
2887	Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.	The girl sat on the beach alone.	contradiction
2888	Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.	The guys sat on the beach near the water.	entailment
2889	Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.	The guys sat on the beach near the water watching the sunset.	neutral
2890	A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.	A small group of adults and children are not wearing hats	contradiction
2891	A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.	A small group of adults and children are wearing hats	entailment
2892	A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.	A small group of adults and children are joyously wearing hats	neutral
2893	Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.	Some people are on vacation.	neutral
2894	Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.	Some people are having a large party on the coast.	contradiction
2895	Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.	Some people are sitting on the coast.	entailment
2896	A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.	The man is happy as he walks.	entailment
2897	A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.	The man is walking through Paris.	neutral
2898	A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.	The woman sits outside.	contradiction
2899	Two people are outside walking through the snow.	The snow is thick.	neutral
2900	Two people are outside walking through the snow.	The people are inside.	contradiction
2901	Two people are outside walking through the snow.	There are people.	entailment
2902	A dog rolls on his back.	The dog is swimming.	contradiction
2903	A dog rolls on his back.	The dog is scratching his back.	neutral
2904	A dog rolls on his back.	The dog rolls over.	entailment
2905	People sitting on black chairs on a bus.	The people are on their way home	neutral
2906	People sitting on black chairs on a bus.	The people in a bus	entailment
2907	People sitting on black chairs on a bus.	The people are outside.	contradiction
2908	A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.	A woman just finished dancing for a massive audience.	neutral
2909	A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.	A woman just finished eating cake.	contradiction
2910	A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.	A woman just finished dancing.	entailment
2911	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A woman is drawing.	entailment
2912	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A woman is drawing.	entailment
2913	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The Sharpie is black	neutral
2914	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is old	contradiction
2915	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A young girl is drawing using a Sharpie marker	entailment
2916	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is running around the room.	contradiction
2917	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	Three art students are walking in the art classroom and exchanging their paint brushes	contradiction
2918	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	a women is drawing	entailment
2919	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is drawing	entailment
2920	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A young women is drawing in art class.	neutral
2921	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	she i using a black sharpie	neutral
2922	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	An art student is performing a sketch of the field in Sharpie marker	neutral
2923	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	the women is using a pencil	contradiction
2924	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A man is drawing with a colored pencil.	contradiction
2925	A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is an art student.	neutral
2926	A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.	A woman is drawing a dinosaur at a table with a blue permanent marker.	neutral
2927	A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.	A woman is writing on a wall with a colored pencil.	contradiction
2928	A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.	A woman is drawing.	entailment
2929	A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.	The carpenter draws lines on the wooden board.	contradiction
2930	A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.	The artist makes a quick sketch on the tile.	neutral
2931	A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.	A person is using a writing utensil.	entailment
2932	A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.	A woman is decorating a tile.	entailment
2933	A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.	A woman is painting a tile at a picnic table.	neutral
2934	A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.	A woman is weaving a basket.	contradiction
2935	An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.	A student draws on poster board.	entailment
2936	An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.	A student draws a chevron pattern on poster board.	neutral
2937	An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.	A student knits a scarf.	contradiction
2938	A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.	A man leads the parade.	neutral
2939	A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.	A man walks behind the parade.	contradiction
2940	A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.	A man is in a parade..	entailment
2941	Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.	A person appears to be looking in a mirror.	entailment
2942	Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.	A person in a black shirt is looking in a mirror.	neutral
2943	Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.	A person in shoes is dancing.	contradiction
2944	A woman in a pool looking down.	A woman is preparing to dive.	neutral
2945	A woman in a pool looking down.	A woman is looking down into a pool of tears preparing to dive into them.	contradiction
2946	A woman in a pool looking down.	A woman is looking into a pool.	entailment
2947	A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.	A person is riding a bike near a wall.	entailment
2948	A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.	A biker does a trick with other bikers.	neutral
2949	A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.	A person is walking their bike by a wall.	contradiction
2950	A baseball player hits baseball.	The player swings his bat.	entailment
2951	A baseball player hits baseball.	The player hit a home run.	neutral
2952	A baseball player hits baseball.	The player is throwing the football.	contradiction
2953	A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.	The man is running away from the cat	contradiction
2954	A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.	A woman walks with her dog	entailment
2955	A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.	The woman is trying to out-walk her dog	neutral
2956	A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.	A man is riding a bicycle up a graffiti covered wall.	entailment
2957	A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.	A man is performing a trick on a bicycle to a small crowd.	neutral
2958	A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.	A man is riding a bicycle down a country road.	contradiction
2959	A baseball player hitting a ball.	someone hitting a ball	entailment
2960	A baseball player hitting a ball.	someone hitting a ball during the championship baseball game	neutral
2961	A baseball player hitting a ball.	2 basketball players	contradiction
2962	A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.	The person is falling off his bike.	neutral
2963	A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.	The person is on a bicycle.	entailment
2964	A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.	The man is on a boat.	contradiction
2965	A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.	A bike rider is outside doing tricks.	entailment
2966	A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.	The bmx rider has been riding his entire life.	neutral
2967	A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.	The bike rider is sitting on a chair.	contradiction
2968	Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.	Two guys ride bikes in a triathlon.	neutral
2969	Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.	Two guys ride bikes.	entailment
2970	Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.	Two guys eat hamburgers in front of TV.	contradiction
2971	A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.	A lady painting.	entailment
2972	A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.	A naked lady painting stick figures with her feces.	contradiction
2973	A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.	A lady painting a picture of a famous person.	neutral
2974	A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.	A woman who is wearing a purple shirt is painting another woman who has purple on as well.	neutral
2975	A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.	A man is dancing at a party while a woman is on the wall.	contradiction
2976	A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.	A woman who is wearing purple is painting another woman.	entailment
2977	A lady painting on a public wall!	The woman was painting a portrait of herself.	neutral
2978	A lady painting on a public wall!	The woman was inside the coffee house.	contradiction
2979	A lady painting on a public wall!	The woman was painting.	entailment
2980	Seven people walking across a bridge.	There are people on a bridge	entailment
2981	Seven people walking across a bridge.	There is one person on a bridge	contradiction
2982	Seven people walking across a bridge.	There are people on a long bridge	neutral
2983	Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.	Three young boys are all in swimming trunks and no shirts.	contradiction
2984	Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.	Group of young boys all in hoodies.	entailment
2985	Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.	Three best friends get into mischief.	neutral
2986	A man and a woman conversing in a city.	the cars drove by in the city	neutral
2987	A man and a woman conversing in a city.	the man was in the countryside	contradiction
2988	A man and a woman conversing in a city.	the man was talking	entailment
2989	A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.	The man and woman eat here all the time.	neutral
2990	A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.	The man and woman are on their phones.	contradiction
2991	A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.	The couple are outdoors.	entailment
2992	A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.	A couple is sleeping.	contradiction
2993	A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.	A couple is outside	neutral
2994	A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.	A couple is having lunch	entailment
2995	Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.	Some kids in hooded sweatshirts loiter.	entailment
2996	Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.	Three young school friends pose.	neutral
2997	Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.	Three girls having a tea party.	contradiction
2998	A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.	The little girl likes her hat	neutral
2999	A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.	The little girl is angry	contradiction
3000	A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.	The little girl is happy	entailment
3001	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl runs through the living room laughing	contradiction
3002	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl is inside.	entailment
3003	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A child sits for her first birthday photos	neutral
3004	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl wears a colorful hat.	entailment
3005	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl in a hat	entailment
3006	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A baby is crying.	contradiction
3007	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl wearing a hat smiles with some people.	neutral
3008	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl rides a horse in a field.	contradiction
3009	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl is wearing a hat.	entailment
3010	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl is wearing a colorful hat, the same one that her father used to wear.	neutral
3011	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl has something on her head.	entailment
3012	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl is posing for a family portrait.	neutral
3013	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A child is posing on a pillow in a pretty hat.	neutral
3014	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl is lying down, as she is very sick.	contradiction
3015	Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A boy is running in a field.	contradiction
3016	A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.	A child is laying down.	entailment
3017	A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.	A boy is playing with his friends	contradiction
3018	A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.	A girl is trying to take a nap.	neutral
3019	A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.	A little girl poses for a picture her mom is taking.	neutral
3020	A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.	A little girl chases an ice cream truck.	contradiction
3021	A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.	A little girl poses for the camera.	entailment
3022	Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.	There is a group of people near a tower.	entailment
3023	Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.	The people are inside a house.	contradiction
3024	Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.	The people were just at the tower.	neutral
3025	Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.	The men are eating pie.	contradiction
3026	Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.	Three men have clothes on.	entailment
3027	Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.	The men are standing up.	neutral
3028	Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	the child is asian	entailment
3029	Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	the hat is large	neutral
3030	Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	the child is mexican	contradiction
3031	A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.	A man is using a tool to improve his view.	entailment
3032	A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.	The man does not like the scenery he is viewing.	neutral
3033	A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.	The man is reading a book.	contradiction
3034	A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	The man is wearing a coat.	neutral
3035	A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	The man is drinking coffee.	contradiction
3036	A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	The man has a camera.	entailment
3037	A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.	a woman pilots a submarine on land	contradiction
3038	A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.	a man looks through a telescope by the sea	entailment
3039	A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.	a man near the sea looks through a telescope	neutral
3040	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	People are walking in New York.	entailment
3041	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	There are many people walking at Times Square.	entailment
3042	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	People are walking next to a building that has a Cinderella poster in the window.	contradiction
3043	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	There are many people sitting at Times Square	contradiction
3044	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	People are walking next to the building where the Lion King is being performed.	neutral
3045	There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	There are many people happily walking at Times Square	neutral
3046	Photographer taking pictures of sunset.	Woman photographer taking pictures of sunset.	neutral
3047	Photographer taking pictures of sunset.	Photographer taking pictures of of a birthday party.	contradiction
3048	Photographer taking pictures of sunset.	Photographer taking pictures.	entailment
3049	A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.	A girl in a red shirt is eating some ice cream.	contradiction
3050	A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.	A girl in a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a wooden bench.	neutral
3051	A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.	A person is sitting on a bench.	entailment
3052	A young girl playing on a log swing.	a girl swings on a rotten log swing	neutral
3053	A young girl playing on a log swing.	a girl swinging	entailment
3054	A young girl playing on a log swing.	a man falls off a swing	contradiction
3055	A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass	A girl is having a picnic	contradiction
3056	A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass	A girl is sitting on a bench outside	entailment
3057	A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass	A girl is waiting for a bus	neutral
3058	A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day	The woman is dancing in the streets.	contradiction
3059	A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day	The woman is waiting for a friend.	neutral
3060	A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day	There is a woman on a bench outside.	entailment
3061	A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.	Some people walking down the street holding hands escaping the rain.	neutral
3062	A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.	Some people being lazy sitting on the curb.	contradiction
3063	A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.	Some people walking down the street.	entailment
3064	A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.	Two people are sitting on a bench.	contradiction
3065	A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.	A woman and a child are running on a bridge.	neutral
3066	A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.	Two people walking across a bridge.	entailment
3067	A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.	The girl is swimming in a lake.	contradiction
3068	A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.	The girl is outside.	entailment
3069	A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.	The girl is swinging with a friend.	neutral
3070	A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.	The girl has red hair.	contradiction
3071	A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.	A girl is swinging.	entailment
3072	A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.	The log is hanging from a rope.	neutral
3073	A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.	the man is sleeping in his bed	contradiction
3074	A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.	there is one man in this picture	entailment
3075	A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.	the man is getting ready to drink his coffee while reading the paper	neutral
3076	One small dog chases another across grass.	The grass is healthy	neutral
3077	One small dog chases another across grass.	There are no dogs.	contradiction
3078	One small dog chases another across grass.	There are two dogs	entailment
3079	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking with his parents.	neutral
3080	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	The baby is playing alone at home.	contradiction
3081	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	The baby is walking in a plaza.	entailment
3082	Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.	robed people selling veggies in market	neutral
3083	Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.	monks selling vegetables in the market	entailment
3084	Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.	people waddling down the street	contradiction
3085	A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.	A group of teenagers plays tennis at the park	contradiction
3086	A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.	A group of teenagers are playing cards in the hallway at school	neutral
3087	A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.	Teenagers are sitting in the school hallway	entailment
3088	A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.	A baby on a playground slide outside	neutral
3089	A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.	A man sitting on a couch asleep	contradiction
3090	A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.	A baby sitting on top of a slide	entailment
3091	A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.	The flowers on her shirt are red	neutral
3092	A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.	She wears a decorated shirt	entailment
3093	A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.	He eats the pottery	contradiction
3094	Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.	two people climb a set of stairs onto a pirate ship.	contradiction
3095	Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.	two people are climbing stairs to jump off the bridge.	neutral
3096	Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.	two people are outside moving.	entailment
3097	Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.	A husband and wife are swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
3098	Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.	Two people are escalating.	entailment
3099	Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.	A couple is visiting a state park.	neutral
3100	2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.	People walking up stairs.	entailment
3101	2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.	People walking up stairs on their way home.	neutral
3102	2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.	People walking down stairs.	contradiction
3103	A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	A sad man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	neutral
3104	A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	A person walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	entailment
3105	A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	A woman walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	contradiction
3106	A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.	A child climbs steps by themselves next to a bridge.	contradiction
3107	A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.	Two people walking up to a bridge.	entailment
3108	A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.	A couple walks up steep steps to a large blue bridge.	neutral
3109	A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man sits outdoors.	entailment
3110	A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man sits down to adjust his uncomfortable green shoes.	neutral
3111	A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man sits indoors.	contradiction
3112	A young child learning how to swim.	A woman eats a sundae.	contradiction
3113	A young child learning how to swim.	A man teaches his son to swim.	neutral
3114	A young child learning how to swim.	A child learns to swim.	entailment
3115	A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.	A man is wearing sunglasses.	neutral
3116	A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.	A man is shoeless.	contradiction
3117	A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.	A man is wearing shoes.	entailment
3118	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A drunk man is drinking in a garden	neutral
3119	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a casually dressed man sits in the garden	entailment
3120	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is outside.	entailment
3121	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	An individual sits drinking a beer in a garden.	entailment
3122	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is trying to unwind from the workweek	neutral
3123	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is taking a break from weeding his garden.	neutral
3124	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is wearing a button up	contradiction
3125	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a lazy man relaxes with a beer	neutral
3126	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	The man is on a ladder hanging a sign.	contradiction
3127	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a man jumps from earth to the moon	contradiction
3128	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A woman is sitting and eating cake in a garden.	contradiction
3129	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	two men sip wine together	contradiction
3130	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a beer is held by a man in casual attire	entailment
3131	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is wearing a tank top.	entailment
3132	A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a casually dressed man sits and waits for his wife	neutral
3133	A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.	There's a guy in a chair out in the yard.	entailment
3134	A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.	A man in pants is standing up.	contradiction
3135	A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.	There's a guy sleeping in a chair in the yard.	neutral
3136	A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.	A man wears jean boxer briefs.	contradiction
3137	A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.	A man wears cut off jean shorts.	neutral
3138	A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.	A man wears jean shorts.	entailment
3139	Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.	The woman is holding a ceramic bowl.	entailment
3140	Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.	The woman just made the bowl.	neutral
3141	Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.	The woman is wearing a plain, green shirt.	contradiction
3142	A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.	A little girl slides down a tube.	entailment
3143	A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.	A little girl is crying as she slides down a tube.	contradiction
3144	A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.	A little girl slides down a tube at a park.	neutral
3145	Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.	The dogs are chasing each other after a long day cooped up in the house.	neutral
3146	Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.	3 dogs are sitting in a dog shelter hoping someone will adopt them and play ball with them.	contradiction
3147	Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.	The dogs all want the same ball.	entailment
3148	A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.	A man sings into microphone	entailment
3149	A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.	A man is performing on stage	neutral
3150	A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.	A man is dancing without a microphone	contradiction
3151	A bride and groom share a kiss.	A bride and a groom french kiss.	neutral
3152	A bride and groom share a kiss.	A bride and a groom kiss.	entailment
3153	A bride and groom share a kiss.	A bride in a groom don't share a kiss.	contradiction
3154	A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.	A man is walking to his neighbor's house.	neutral
3155	A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.	A man is walking outside.	entailment
3156	A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.	A man is walking around inside his house.	contradiction
3157	Fans are cheering at a performance.	The fans are driving.	contradiction
3158	Fans are cheering at a performance.	All the fans like this performance the best.	neutral
3159	Fans are cheering at a performance.	The performance has gotten the fans cheering.	entailment
3160	Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.	The soldiers are outdoors.	neutral
3161	Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.	The soldiers are silent/	contradiction
3162	Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.	The soldiers are having a discussion outdoors while others look.	entailment
3163	A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.	The child is thirsty.	neutral
3164	A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.	The redhead is drinking from the garden hose.	contradiction
3165	A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.	The kid is using a garden hose for drinking.	entailment
3166	Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.	Armed forces officers balance their guns on childrens heads at a playground.	contradiction
3167	Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.	Civilians and armed forces officers trade insults at a playground	neutral
3168	Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.	Armed forces officers stand around a playground.	entailment
3169	US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.	A group of troops are getting ready to deploy from a plane.	neutral
3170	US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.	A group of troops are laughing and talking.	contradiction
3171	US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.	A group of troops are attempting to stay quiet .	entailment
3172	Military men are conversing near a playground.	they are in the military	entailment
3173	Military men are conversing near a playground.	they are on mars	contradiction
3174	Military men are conversing near a playground.	they are at a park	neutral
3175	A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.	The young children go shopping.	contradiction
3176	A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.	A young girl and her brothers walk down a rural road.	neutral
3177	A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.	A young girl and two boys travel down a dirt road.	entailment
3178	A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.	Some people fishing down near a creek.	neutral
3179	A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.	Some people enjoying the day by the farmhouse.	contradiction
3180	A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.	Some people down near a creek.	entailment
3181	Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.	boys are congregating together by the water	neutral
3182	Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.	girls are gossiping	contradiction
3183	Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.	boys stand next to another boy sitting by the water	entailment
3184	Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.	Five young boys are near water.	entailment
3185	Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.	One boy is controlling a remote control boat while others watch.	neutral
3186	Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.	Five young boys are in a boat on the water.	contradiction
3187	Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.	There are many Asians at the table.	entailment
3188	Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.	The group of Asians are playing a round of golf.	contradiction
3189	Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.	The group Asians are eating dinner at the table.	neutral
3190	Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.	Nobody has their fist clenched.	contradiction
3191	Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.	The girl is short.	neutral
3192	Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.	Someone is jumping.	entailment
3193	three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.	Three children are outside.	entailment
3194	three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.	Three children are taking turns riding a bike.	neutral
3195	three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.	Three children are swimming in a river.	contradiction
3196	A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.	The bicycle is moving.	entailment
3197	A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.	The child is wearing a red shirt.	contradiction
3198	A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.	The child is a boy.	neutral
3199	An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.	A caucasian base player is wearing a gray shirt.	contradiction
3200	An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.	A drummer is backing up a base player.	entailment
3201	An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.	An African American base payer and a drummer are wearing blue shirts.	neutral
3202	A boat captain steering a large green wheel.	A man is steering a car.	contradiction
3203	A boat captain steering a large green wheel.	A guy is at the green helm of a boat.	entailment
3204	A boat captain steering a large green wheel.	The boat pilot is testing a new lightweight anodized aluminum steering wheel at the helm of a ship.	neutral
3205	Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.	the man is working a tractor	contradiction
3206	Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.	the man is going on a trip	neutral
3207	Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.	the man is on a boat	entailment
3208	An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.	A man standing beside a boat.	contradiction
3209	An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.	A ship wheel is manned by a well-equipped older man.	entailment
3210	An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.	An older man takes his ship on the sea.	neutral
3211	The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.	The ship captain has abandon his ship.	contradiction
3212	The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.	The ship captain is holding the sterring wheel.	entailment
3213	The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.	The captain is on the bridge.	neutral
3214	A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.	Older man sailing a ship	neutral
3215	A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.	Older man wearing an outfit	entailment
3216	A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.	Older man having a pool party	contradiction
3217	Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.	Three firefighters are about to start shooting a themed porno.	contradiction
3218	Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.	Three men are looking to find the guy who prank called them.	neutral
3219	Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.	Three people are angry.	entailment
3220	Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.	The brothers are racing towards home.	contradiction
3221	Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.	The brothers are dreaming.	neutral
3222	Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.	The brothers are napping on the couch.	entailment
3223	A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.	a man makes coffee	entailment
3224	A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.	the man is making soup	contradiction
3225	A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.	the man is a chef	neutral
3226	A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.	Nobody has clothing.	contradiction
3227	A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.	A person has clothing.	entailment
3228	A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.	A tall person has clothing.	neutral
3229	A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.	The woman is speaking to the man.	entailment
3230	A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.	A woman challenges her karate instructor to a fight.	contradiction
3231	A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.	It is sunny outside.	neutral
3232	Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.	The people are watching her.	neutral
3233	Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.	The woman is inside taking a bath.	contradiction
3234	Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.	The woman is on the street.	entailment
3235	Little girl in pink coat on a swing.	A little girl at the park.	neutral
3236	Little girl in pink coat on a swing.	Little girl swinging.	entailment
3237	Little girl in pink coat on a swing.	Little girl napping on the chair.	contradiction
3238	People under a tent at a reception.	Two bears are climbing a tree.	contradiction
3239	People under a tent at a reception.	People are outside.	entailment
3240	People under a tent at a reception.	People are at a wedding.	neutral
3241	A formal band performing their works.	The band is eating dinner.	contradiction
3242	A formal band performing their works.	The band is playing music for an audience.	neutral
3243	A formal band performing their works.	The band is playing music.	entailment
3244	Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.	The vendors in stalls are on a street.	neutral
3245	Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.	Stalls on a cobblestone street are selling goods.	entailment
3246	Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.	People are shopping in the mall.	contradiction
3247	A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.	the horse was running	entailment
3248	A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.	the cowboy was winning the competition	neutral
3249	A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.	the cowboy rode the sheep	contradiction
3250	three chinese people eat soup.	The men are eating chicken noodle soup.	neutral
3251	three chinese people eat soup.	The women are eating pizza.	contradiction
3252	three chinese people eat soup.	The people are eating soup.	entailment
3253	A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.	The woman walks around the track.	contradiction
3254	A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.	The woman jogs on an indoor track.	neutral
3255	A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.	A person is jogging.	entailment
3256	Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.	three people sitting at a round table	entailment
3257	Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.	the people know eachother	neutral
3258	Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.	the people are plotting an assassination	contradiction
3259	a family deciding what to other at a restaurant	A family looks over a menu at a restaurant	entailment
3260	a family deciding what to other at a restaurant	A young family at a local steak house decide which cut of meat they want	neutral
3261	a family deciding what to other at a restaurant	A family at home orders a delivery pizza	contradiction
3262	Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.	A puppy is sitting.	contradiction
3263	Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.	A family is getting ready to order.	neutral
3264	Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.	People are conversing.	entailment
3265	The Chines people are doing something.	The Chinese people are busy with something.	entailment
3266	The Chines people are doing something.	The Chinese people are taking pictures.	neutral
3267	The Chines people are doing something.	The Chinese poeple arent doing anything.	contradiction
3268	Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.	people are watching a man create a clay sculpture.	contradiction
3269	Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.	people are watching a man create a mural.	entailment
3270	Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.	people are watching a man create a mural of flowers.	neutral
3271	An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.	Two men are playing basketball while a man is clasping his hands.	contradiction
3272	An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.	A woman and a man is sitting and another is man is clasping his hand.	neutral
3273	An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.	There are three people there.	entailment
3274	A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.	The woman is sitting down with family.	contradiction
3275	A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.	The woman is performing in the parade.	entailment
3276	A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.	The woman is dancing a traditional dance.	neutral
3277	A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.	The painter is sleeping near his easle.	contradiction
3278	A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.	The painter is painting an ad for a local moving company.	neutral
3279	A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.	People watch as a person paints the side of a building.	entailment
3280	A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.	A crowd of people stand under a sign in Las Vegas.	neutral
3281	A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.	A crowd of people standing on the summit of a mountain.	contradiction
3282	A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.	A crowd of people stand under a sign.	entailment
3283	A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.	The people are outside a pool	contradiction
3284	A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.	The adults are outside	entailment
3285	A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.	the people are load	neutral
3286	A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.	THe driver did not see the approaching train.	neutral
3287	A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.	The car is near a train.	entailment
3288	A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.	The small car is blue.	contradiction
3289	A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.	The man is wearing a white shirt	entailment
3290	A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.	The man had a green shirt on earlier today	neutral
3291	A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.	The man is an armadillo	contradiction
3292	A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.	A young man and an older man play street hockey.	contradiction
3293	A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.	Two men are sitting.	entailment
3294	A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.	A grandfather sits and watches his favorite tv show whithhis grandson.	neutral
3295	A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.	Three men are in a garage working under the hood of an old car.	contradiction
3296	A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.	Three men are playing musical instruments.	entailment
3297	A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.	Three men are performing on stage in front of a crowd of people who are cheering.	neutral
3298	Three men work at a construction site.	Three men working	neutral
3299	Three men work at a construction site.	A guy taking a nap	contradiction
3300	Three men work at a construction site.	Three construction workers working at a site	entailment
3301	A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.	A man is not indoors	entailment
3302	A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.	A homeless man is drinking booze outside the liquor store	neutral
3303	A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.	A woman is sitting in her living room sipping on champagne	contradiction
3304	Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.	Three construction men are taking a lunch break.	contradiction
3305	Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.	A building is being worked on.	entailment
3306	Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.	A manager is directing the workers from below.	neutral
3307	A man performing dangerous construction work.	The construction worker is walking an I-beam 30 feet in the air without a harness.	neutral
3308	A man performing dangerous construction work.	A person is working.	entailment
3309	A man performing dangerous construction work.	A construction worker is at lunch.	contradiction
3310	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	It is almost time for the men to quit for the day	neutral
3311	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men do construction work.	entailment
3312	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two guys are restructuring a roof	neutral
3313	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men drink wine and watch the opera.	contradiction
3314	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men are working outdoors	entailment
3315	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two guys are doing construction work	entailment
3316	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	These two men are security guards	contradiction
3317	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men operate hammers on a surface.	neutral
3318	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	A couple of workers are are doing construction.	entailment
3319	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	There are two men wearing blue uniforms who are working atop a house that is being built.	neutral
3320	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	The two men are working on a job.	entailment
3321	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	The construction workers are taking a shower.	contradiction
3322	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	A few miners are working on extracting ore from the earth.	contradiction
3323	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men are on break at a restaurant	contradiction
3324	Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	The workers are getting ready to jackhammer into the street to fix a water main leak.	neutral
3325	Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.	Workers on a platform work to carry an item with tall buildings in the background	entailment
3326	Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.	Male workers on a platform work together to carry a piece of metal with skyscrapers in the background	neutral
3327	Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.	Workers on a platform work to clean windows by the ocean.	contradiction
3328	Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.	A trio of jazz muscicians performing at a nightclub.	contradiction
3329	Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.	A trio of older gentlemen play chamber music in a concert hall.	neutral
3330	Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.	A trio of older gentlemen performing in a musical concert.	entailment
3331	Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.	The children are watching a karate movie on the floor.	contradiction
3332	Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.	The two kids are physically active.	entailment
3333	Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.	Two children are arguing and fighting each other.	neutral
3334	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A man is performing at a cafe	neutral
3335	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A man is rapping at a hip hop show	contradiction
3336	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	The man is naked in the shower by himself.	contradiction
3337	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A man is singing	entailment
3338	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	The man is wearing black shoes.	neutral
3339	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	a man sings into a mic	entailment
3340	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	The man is near the microphone.	entailment
3341	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	Donkey drive a bus into a herd of waffles	contradiction
3342	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	Young country boy tries to rap for the first time	neutral
3343	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	a man performs for the first time	neutral
3344	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A white man has black hair.	entailment
3345	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A white man has white hair.	contradiction
3346	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A white man has light black hair.	neutral
3347	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	Young boy performs folk song for a crowd	entailment
3348	Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	a man plays madden on xbox	contradiction
3349	A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.	A man holds a microphone.	entailment
3350	A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.	A woman is painting.	contradiction
3351	A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.	A man is singing with a microphone.	neutral
3352	Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.	Dogs are walking outside	entailment
3353	Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.	Dogs eating birds	contradiction
3354	Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.	Dogs on a walk and one has a leash	neutral
3355	A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.	A young man is singing.	entailment
3356	A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.	A young man is making a speech.	contradiction
3357	A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.	A young man at a karaoke bar.	neutral
3358	Man singing on stage at a performance.	the guy sings loudly	neutral
3359	Man singing on stage at a performance.	the cat eats sheep	contradiction
3360	Man singing on stage at a performance.	the guy sings	entailment
3361	Two dogs walking through nature.	A man mows the lawn.	contradiction
3362	Two dogs walking through nature.	Dogs outside.	entailment
3363	Two dogs walking through nature.	Two dogs walking through the woods to get home.	neutral
3364	A man in a brown coat standing on a porch	A human standing	entailment
3365	A man in a brown coat standing on a porch	A tall human standing	neutral
3366	A man in a brown coat standing on a porch	Nobody is standing	contradiction
3367	three ladies posing for the camera	some women standing in a park	contradiction
3368	three ladies posing for the camera	Some ladies are posing	neutral
3369	three ladies posing for the camera	Ladies are posing  for the camera	entailment
3370	An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance	A woman is staring off at something.	entailment
3371	An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance	A woman is looking at her neighbors erect a new barn.	neutral
3372	An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance	A woman is sitting in her rocking chair knitting a hat.	contradiction
3373	The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.	This person is wearing winter clothing,hat,coat and scarf,while standing outside her front door	neutral
3374	The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.	A man is wearing a sun hat in the backyard.	contradiction
3375	The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.	A woman is wearing a heavy coat,standing on the patio.	entailment
3376	a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.	The woman is wearing a tan jacket.	entailment
3377	a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.	The woman is wearing a black jacket.	contradiction
3378	a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.	The woman is wearing gloves.	neutral
3379	A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.	A man is standing in front of the porch door.	entailment
3380	A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.	It is sunny outside.	neutral
3381	A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.	The man is sitting down.	contradiction
3382	Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.	Several people are in close proximity to each other.	entailment
3383	Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.	Several people are getting their heads shaved to benefit charity.	contradiction
3384	Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.	Many onlookers are watching from a short distance.	neutral
3385	fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.	The adults are naked.	contradiction
3386	fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.	The adults are playing in a pool.	neutral
3387	fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.	Adults play in water.	entailment
3388	A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.	The two people weaaring brightly colored shirts are men.	neutral
3389	A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.	The woman is wearing a pink and orange dress.	contradiction
3390	A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.	The person in orange is standing next to a person wearing pink.	entailment
3391	Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.	The colored clothes make the group of people stand out.	neutral
3392	Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.	The three people are in bright colored clothes.	entailment
3393	Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.	The three men are wearing to much dark clothes.	contradiction
3394	Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.	Three men pose for a picture.	neutral
3395	Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.	Three men are smiling together.	entailment
3396	Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.	Three men are at a concert with black hoodies.	contradiction
3397	Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.	Many people are playing outside.	entailment
3398	Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.	Many people are arguing.	contradiction
3399	Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.	Many people are enjoying themselves.	neutral
3400	People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.	People are near water.	entailment
3401	People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.	People are doing flips into river.	neutral
3402	People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.	People are standing on the beach.	contradiction
3403	A line of basketball players doing a drill.	the players are brazilian	neutral
3404	A line of basketball players doing a drill.	players doing a drill	entailment
3405	A line of basketball players doing a drill.	the people are flying a plane	contradiction
3406	some young men playing basketball	Some young men are playing baseball.	contradiction
3407	some young men playing basketball	Basketball is being played.	entailment
3408	some young men playing basketball	The young men play on a court.	neutral
3409	A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.	A girl swimming alone.	entailment
3410	A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.	A girl playing softball, alone.	contradiction
3411	A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.	A lonely girl swims alone in a lake, hoping that someone on the shore might come swim with her.	neutral
3412	A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	they are playing basketball	entailment
3413	A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	The men are in the gym	entailment
3414	A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	They are outside	contradiction
3415	A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.	A waiter is smoking outside the restaurant.	neutral
3416	A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.	A man is cooking for a customer.	contradiction
3417	A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.	A man smokes outside.	entailment
3418	Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.	They are sweating	neutral
3419	Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.	The woman are doing yoga	entailment
3420	Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.	They are all young	contradiction
3421	A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.	The toddler is happy.	entailment
3422	A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.	A smiling toddler brings her notebook to a table to color.	neutral
3423	A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.	A happy toddler is playing with her blocks.	contradiction
3424	A man plays a keyboard and sings.	A boy skips down the street.	contradiction
3425	A man plays a keyboard and sings.	A singer rehearses a song with his keyboard.	neutral
3426	A man plays a keyboard and sings.	A man performs a song.	entailment
3427	A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	A toddler girl is walking with a red piece of paper.	neutral
3428	A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	A toddler is walking.	entailment
3429	A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	An adult is walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	contradiction
3430	A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.	The synthesizer is shaped like a tennis racket.	contradiction
3431	A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.	The synthesizer is making noise.	entailment
3432	A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.	The curtains are drawn closed.	neutral
3433	A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.	Jessica bought a new book.	contradiction
3434	A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.	Billy was running with his book clutched next to him.	entailment
3435	A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.	Billy was running with his book.	neutral
3436	Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.	The alter boy cleans up after the church service.	neutral
3437	Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.	A little boy stands by folding chairs holding a red book.	entailment
3438	Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.	A girl holds a candle by a stage.	contradiction
3439	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.	A flight attendant is putting on a show	entailment
3440	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.	A worker is on the plane	contradiction
3441	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.	A flight attendant is using a seat belt	neutral
3442	A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.	The lady is headed to Taiwan.	neutral
3443	A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.	The woman is on a boat.	contradiction
3444	A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.	A stewardess is on a plane.	entailment
3445	A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.	 A flight attendant showing passengers something.	entailment
3446	A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.	 A flight attendant on duty.	neutral
3447	A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.	A carpenter at work.	contradiction
3448	An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.	An mean elderly woman and another younger woman	neutral
3449	An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.	An elderly alien and another younger alien	contradiction
3450	An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.	An elderly woman and another younger woman	entailment
3451	Woman on airplane models a flotation device.	The woman is working as a stewardess.	neutral
3452	Woman on airplane models a flotation device.	The woman is demonstrating a floatation device on a boat.	contradiction
3453	Woman on airplane models a flotation device.	The woman is inside an airplane.	entailment
3454	Two asian females go walking.	Two asian mothers are working out together	neutral
3455	Two asian females go walking.	Two friends are walking.	neutral
3456	Two asian females go walking.	Two Asian women walk.	entailment
3457	Two asian females go walking.	Two people are walking.	entailment
3458	Two asian females go walking.	Two ladies are walking down the street.	neutral
3459	Two asian females go walking.	Two caucasians are walking	contradiction
3460	Two asian females go walking.	Two Asian women walk through a park.	neutral
3461	Two asian females go walking.	The females are mountain climbing.	contradiction
3462	Two asian females go walking.	Two Asian women sit at a table.	contradiction
3463	Two asian females go walking.	Two ladies are tending their gardens.	contradiction
3464	Two asian females go walking.	Two men are hiking.	contradiction
3465	Two asian females go walking.	Two asian females are taking a stroll together	entailment
3466	Two asian females go walking.	Ladies are walking.	entailment
3467	Two asian females go walking.	The females are moving their legs.	entailment
3468	Two asian females go walking.	The females are in Japan.	neutral
3469	Two young women walking.	The ladies are sitting in the kitchen.	contradiction
3470	Two young women walking.	The two young women are walking somewhere.	entailment
3471	Two young women walking.	The two young women are walking in the park.	neutral
3472	Two young women walking.	Two women are running together.	contradiction
3473	Two young women walking.	One man jogging outside.	contradiction
3474	Two young women walking.	A man and a women are walking together.	contradiction
3475	Two young women walking.	Ladies are walking.	entailment
3476	Two young women walking.	The ladies are walking down a corridor.	neutral
3477	Two young women walking.	Two women are strolling down the road.	neutral
3478	Two young women walking.	Two young women walking through a park.	neutral
3479	Two young women walking.	A pair of young looking females walking.	entailment
3480	Two young women walking.	Two girls are walking together.	entailment
3481	Two young women walking.	The two young women are sitting on a bench.	contradiction
3482	Two young women walking.	A couple of girls are walking.	neutral
3483	Two young women walking.	Two women on a walk outside.	entailment
3484	Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.	Two friends are walking down the street looking for a restaurant	neutral
3485	Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.	Two friends are walking down the street	entailment
3486	Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.	Friends are sleeping in the street	contradiction
3487	Two women walking.	There are two people walking in a park.	neutral
3488	Two women walking.	There are two people walking.	entailment
3489	Two women walking.	There are four people jogging.	contradiction
3490	A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.	A man is playing guitar.	entailment
3491	A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.	A man is smashing his guitar.	contradiction
3492	A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.	A man is playing an Oasis song in a college courtyard.	neutral
3493	A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.	entailment
3494	A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The man is playing the flute.	contradiction
3495	A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The man is good with the guitar.	neutral
3496	A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.	A man playing a slow song on a outside.	neutral
3497	A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.	A man playing an accordion for a crowd.	contradiction
3498	A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.	A man standing outside.	entailment
3499	A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.	The woman is wearing high heel shoes while window shopping.	neutral
3500	A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.	The woman is standing outside the Dior store.	contradiction
3501	A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.	The woman is standing outside the shop's window.	entailment
3502	A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The guitarist plays his favorite song.	neutral
3503	A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.	A musician plays a song.	entailment
3504	A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The guitarist smashes his guitar at the end of the set.	contradiction
3505	Two girls hold up their younger sister.	Two girls hold up their younger sister as a sacrifice to the Gods.	contradiction
3506	Two girls hold up their younger sister.	Two girls are holding up their little sister.	entailment
3507	Two girls hold up their younger sister.	Two girls are struggling to hold on to their heavy sister.	neutral
3508	A motocross biker about to descend	A motocross biker about to descend after his big jump.	neutral
3509	A motocross biker about to descend	A biker about to descend.	entailment
3510	A motocross biker about to descend	A biker waits for his turn to race.	contradiction
3511	A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	A husband and a wife with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	neutral
3512	A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	children are in a queue.	contradiction
3513	A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	A man and a woman are looking at a boat.	entailment
3514	Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.	Three teenage girls practice their cheerleader routine.	neutral
3515	Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.	Two girls order a pizza from an older woman.	contradiction
3516	Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.	Females holding another female in a room.	entailment
3517	A person rappels down a steep incline.	a person sits on the couch eating cheetos	contradiction
3518	A person rappels down a steep incline.	a person is rappelling towards a waterfall	neutral
3519	A person rappels down a steep incline.	a person is rappelling	entailment
3520	The motorcyclist has reached the summit.	A person rides a motorcycle.	entailment
3521	The motorcyclist has reached the summit.	A person drives a car.	contradiction
3522	The motorcyclist has reached the summit.	A person rides a motorcycle fast.	neutral
3523	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are watching a third girl being lifted by a couple boys.	contradiction
3524	Two girls lift a third girl.	A guy uses a hose to water his bush.	contradiction
3525	Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are sitting on the grass eating ice cream	contradiction
3526	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are lifting somebody	entailment
3527	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls lift a third at a cheer leading competition.	neutral
3528	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are picking up another girl	entailment
3529	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two blonde haired girls are lifting a brown haired girl	neutral
3530	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls beat up a younger girl.	contradiction
3531	Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are at cheerleading practice	neutral
3532	Two girls lift a third girl.	A wooden door has a hole in it.	contradiction
3533	Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are playing together.	entailment
3534	Two girls lift a third girl.	People lift each other.	entailment
3535	Two girls lift a third girl.	Two small girls are hoisting up a larger girl on their shoulders.	neutral
3536	Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are doing something.	entailment
3537	Two girls lift a third girl.	Sisters are goofing around.	neutral
3538	A brown dog runs on brown grass.	A dog running on grass.	entailment
3539	A brown dog runs on brown grass.	An old dog running on grass.	neutral
3540	A brown dog runs on brown grass.	An old dog running on bright green grass.	contradiction
3541	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.	The dog is fetching a ball.	neutral
3542	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.	The dog is playing in a field.	entailment
3543	The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.	The dog is sleeping on the bed.	contradiction
3544	A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.	A brown dog runs to catch a stick	neutral
3545	A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.	A brown dog lays under a tree.	contradiction
3546	A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.	A brown dog runs while looking at the sky.	entailment
3547	A golden colored dug prances in the grass.	A dog is in the grass.	entailment
3548	A golden colored dug prances in the grass.	A dog is napping outside.	contradiction
3549	A golden colored dug prances in the grass.	A dog prances in the grass after catching a stick.	neutral
3550	The brown dog is playing outdoors.	An animal is outside.	entailment
3551	The brown dog is playing outdoors.	The brown dog is eating in the kitchen.	contradiction
3552	The brown dog is playing outdoors.	The brown poodle is playing outside with a tree branch.	neutral
3553	Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.	He is aiming at a target in between rocks.	neutral
3554	Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.	Asian man shooting a gun.	entailment
3555	Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.	The man is using a bow and arrow.	contradiction
3556	An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.	The man is holding a sword.	contradiction
3557	An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.	The man aims his gun.	entailment
3558	An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.	The man is going to shoot a rhino.	neutral
3559	A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.	The man is swinging on a tire swing	contradiction
3560	A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.	A man has a gun	entailment
3561	A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.	The gun is a revolver	neutral
3562	Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.	Two boys are making themselves breakfast.	contradiction
3563	Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.	Four kids are playing a game together.	entailment
3564	Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.	Two boys are outside playing with their young cousins.	neutral
3565	An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.	An Asian man gets ready to shoot a gun.	entailment
3566	An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.	An Asian man is surfing.	contradiction
3567	An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.	An Asian man is dressed up so someone can take photos of him.	neutral
3568	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A naked man is standing in the bathroom.	contradiction
3569	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is holding a coffee mug with soup in it.	neutral
3570	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man goes to the bathroom on some coffee.	contradiction
3571	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	a man is throwing rocks	contradiction
3572	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A person stands in a bathroom and drinks coffee.	neutral
3573	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	a man drinks beer from a coffee mug	neutral
3574	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man stands in a bathroom with a coffee cup.	entailment
3575	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	There are other people in the bathroom with the man.	neutral
3576	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	a man drinks in the bathroom	entailment
3577	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	There is someone in the bathroom.	entailment
3578	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is indoors.	entailment
3579	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	The man is waiting to go to the bathroom.	neutral
3580	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is running.	contradiction
3581	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is wearing a hat on his head.	entailment
3582	A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	The man is wearing a blue jacket.	contradiction
3583	A woman walking down the side of a highway.	The woman walks down the road.	entailment
3584	A woman walking down the side of a highway.	The woman is wearing a blue dress.	neutral
3585	A woman walking down the side of a highway.	The man is walking down the highway.	contradiction
3586	A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.	A woman is running outside	contradiction
3587	A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.	A woman is walking home	neutral
3588	A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.	A woman is walking outside	entailment
3589	A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.	The woman is inside buying a card.	contradiction
3590	A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.	The woman is carrying Dasani water.	neutral
3591	A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.	The woman in a short skit is holding a bottle and walking outdoors.	entailment
3592	A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.	A female walks down an urban street.	entailment
3593	A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.	A man in jeans runs through a park.	contradiction
3594	A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.	A woman is wearing a jean skirt.	neutral
3595	A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.	A woman is flying through the sky.	contradiction
3596	A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.	a woman is walking against traffic.	neutral
3597	A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.	A person is walking along the side of the road.	entailment
3598	Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	People are bullying a kid by writing cruel things on his back with permanant marker.	contradiction
3599	Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	There are people writing on someone's back.	entailment
3600	Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	People are writing silly things on their friend's back with markers.	neutral
3601	A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.	they are not at a beach	contradiction
3602	A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.	there is a couple	entailment
3603	A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.	there is a couple in love	neutral
3604	A man holds up a fish he just caught.	The fish was huge!	neutral
3605	A man holds up a fish he just caught.	The man was using a sword to catch fish with.	contradiction
3606	A man holds up a fish he just caught.	He found a great place to fish.	entailment
3607	A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.	There is a woman in a green t-shirt.	entailment
3608	A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.	The woman is speaking for TEDtalks.	neutral
3609	A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.	A man in green shorts speaks into a microphone.	contradiction
3610	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	Girl behind group of walkers	neutral
3611	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	The girl is not at the head of the pack of people.	entailment
3612	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A little girl walking down a dirt road to meet up with her friends.	neutral
3613	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	Girl walking down road	entailment
3614	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A small girl is sneaking up on some people walking down a dirt road	neutral
3615	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	guys in group	contradiction
3616	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl rides her bike on the sidewalk	contradiction
3617	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A little girl walking outdoors.	entailment
3618	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl is riding a bicycle down a grassy hill.	contradiction
3619	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	The young girl is following her parents down the road.	neutral
3620	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A tired girl is having trouble keeping up with her parents.	neutral
3621	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	The little girl is riding a bike.	contradiction
3622	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl is on a dirt road.	entailment
3623	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A small girl is following people walking down a dirt road.	entailment
3624	A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A little girl lying down, watching television.	contradiction
3625	A bunch of travelers stand around.	A group of people are corded together.	entailment
3626	A bunch of travelers stand around.	There is one person outside.	contradiction
3627	A bunch of travelers stand around.	A group of people are crowded for a street performer.	neutral
3628	A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.	A rock musician auditions for a band.	neutral
3629	A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.	The musician wears a frilly dress.	contradiction
3630	A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.	The guitar player weras black and camo clothing.	entailment
3631	There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.	A woman is knitting a hat for a baby.	contradiction
3632	There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.	The woman is talking on her cell phone while she is waiting at an airport.	neutral
3633	There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.	A woman is waiting at the airport.	entailment
3634	A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.	A woman waiting to collect her luggage after flying in from the Orient to join the symphony orchestra on it's tour	neutral
3635	A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.	A woman waiting at the airport baggage claim	entailment
3636	A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.	A woman walking three dogs in the park	contradiction
3637	People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.	People are waiting to check in for their flights.	entailment
3638	People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.	A couple nearly misses their cruise departure due to traffic.	contradiction
3639	People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.	A very long line of people are waiting to check in for their flights.	neutral
3640	People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.	The plane is late to the airport.	neutral
3641	People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.	The people are at home sleeping.	contradiction
3642	People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.	The people are indoors waiting.	entailment
3643	A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.	a short kid does a tumbling move	neutral
3644	A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.	a young woman does a tumbling move	contradiction
3645	A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.	a kid does a tumbling move	entailment
3646	A band performs on a stage.	A band performs.	entailment
3647	A band performs on a stage.	A band take a break in the green room.	contradiction
3648	A band performs on a stage.	A band plays a song.	neutral
3649	A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	A young man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard down thew street.	contradiction
3650	A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	A woman in a black shirt is walking to work.	neutral
3651	A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	There is a woman wearing a back shirt walking in the street.	entailment
3652	A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.	a man wairs a blue hat and glasses	entailment
3653	A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.	he is meeting a friend of his	neutral
3654	A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.	they are driving	contradiction
3655	A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.	a man is smiling	entailment
3656	A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.	a man is happily wearing his beer cap outside	contradiction
3657	A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.	a man is smiling because of his shirt	neutral
3658	A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.	She is performing at a concert.	neutral
3659	A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.	A woman is singing.	entailment
3660	A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.	The woman is not a good singer.	contradiction
3661	A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.	a woman is walking	entailment
3662	A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.	a man is walking	contradiction
3663	A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.	an older woman is walking	neutral
3664	A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.	A group of people are looking at Zebras at the zoo.	contradiction
3665	A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.	A group are at the aquarium on a tour.	neutral
3666	A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.	A group are viewing all the different types of fish at the aquarium.	entailment
3667	A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.	Two young people arguing.	contradiction
3668	A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.	A young couple on a date.	neutral
3669	A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.	Two people enjoying each others company.	entailment
3670	A man is doing his laundry.	A young man is eating lunch.	contradiction
3671	A man is doing his laundry.	A man does his laundry.	entailment
3672	A man is doing his laundry.	A man does laundry for his family.	neutral
3673	A person stands in the middle of traffic.	A person is sitting in the the middle of nowhere.	contradiction
3674	A person stands in the middle of traffic.	A person stands in the middle in the public waiting to move.	neutral
3675	A person stands in the middle of traffic.	A person is standing in the public.	entailment
3676	A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.	The man is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
3677	A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.	A man in indoors.	entailment
3678	A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.	A man is in a laundromat.	neutral
3679	Man sits and watches five washing machines.	A man sits in a laundromat.	neutral
3680	Man sits and watches five washing machines.	A man watches the only machine in the room.	contradiction
3681	Man sits and watches five washing machines.	There is a person watching machines designed to clean laundry.	entailment
3682	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	Some people are watching fish in an aquarium.	entailment
3683	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People looking at fish for a school project.	neutral
3684	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	A group of people is observing aquatic life.	entailment
3685	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	The group of people have reached the top of the Eiffel Tower.	contradiction
3686	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are spending their day off inside of an aquarium with sharks.	neutral
3687	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	There are two sharks in an aquarium exhibit.	neutral
3688	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	The people are eating fish.	contradiction
3689	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are gathered around a dinosaur exhibit at a museum.	contradiction
3690	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are gazing upon fish in an aquarium.	entailment
3691	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are looking at fish in the ocean on a beach.	contradiction
3692	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People looking at turtles.	contradiction
3693	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	The people are visiting the aquarium.	neutral
3694	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People looking at fish.	entailment
3695	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	There are people at an aquarium looking at fish.	entailment
3696	People looking at fish at an aquarium.	A field trip visits an aquarium to look at fish.	neutral
3697	A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.	Nobody is sitting.	contradiction
3698	A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.	A human sitting.	entailment
3699	A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.	A large human sitting.	neutral
3700	A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests	The life vests are brown.	contradiction
3701	A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests	The woman is the children's mother.	neutral
3702	A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests	People are in the water.	entailment
3703	A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.	These people are dry and warm.	contradiction
3704	A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.	The family swims from the sinking canoe.	neutral
3705	A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.	The people have matching life vests	entailment
3706	A woman and two children are swimming in water.	There is water.	entailment
3707	A woman and two children are swimming in water.	The water is cold.	neutral
3708	A woman and two children are swimming in water.	There are no children.	contradiction
3709	The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.	two boys are swimming while the mom is tanning on the beach	contradiction
3710	The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.	the sons are being chased by their mom in the ocean	neutral
3711	The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.	the mother and sons are swimming	entailment
3712	A woman and kids swimming in a lake.	The mother is having the kids race in the lake.	neutral
3713	A woman and kids swimming in a lake.	A woman is making cookies for the kids.	contradiction
3714	A woman and kids swimming in a lake.	A woman in kids are outside playing in water.	entailment
3715	Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.	Girls wearing zombie makeup.	entailment
3716	Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.	These are zombies.	contradiction
3717	Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.	Girls dressed as zombie brides.	neutral
3718	Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.	A group of ladies is hunting an elephant.	contradiction
3719	Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.	A group of Italians are playing instruments.	neutral
3720	Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.	A band is playing songs indoors.	entailment
3721	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The lady is babysitting her granddaughter.	neutral
3722	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A mother feeds sweets to her daughter.	neutral
3723	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	There is a young girl.	entailment
3724	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman and her grandson enjoy their day out by themselves.	contradiction
3725	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A woman gives a girl dressed like a princess candy on Halloween.	neutral
3726	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A man wearing a cape gives a boy a baseball.	contradiction
3727	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman is smiling.	neutral
3728	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman shared her candy with the child.	entailment
3729	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The toddler is eating the candy.	neutral
3730	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman is not selfish with the young girl.	entailment
3731	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A woman is giving a girl some treats.	entailment
3732	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A woman eats with a toddler.	entailment
3733	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A father eats breakfast with a teenage boy.	contradiction
3734	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman is sharing the fruit with the toddler.	contradiction
3735	A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	There is no woman.	contradiction
3736	Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.	A woman passes out Halloween candy to a girl dressed as a princess.	neutral
3737	Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.	A woman in a red shirt gives her daughter her backpack for school.	contradiction
3738	Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.	A woman gives candy to a girl.	entailment
3739	A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.	Woman holds a plate of goodies	neutral
3740	A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.	Woman with plate of goodies for her little princess	entailment
3741	A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.	Woman holds a book for her husband	contradiction
3742	A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.	The girl was with other people having a meal.	neutral
3743	A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.	The girl was drinking a soda next to a fountain.	contradiction
3744	A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.	The girl was in her mothers lap eating dinner after she won a tiara in the contest.	entailment
3745	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The man gives his son an icecream cone.	contradiction
3746	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady weighs over 100 pounds.	entailment
3747	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The woman is hang gliding above the trees.	contradiction
3748	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is playing in a cricket tournament.	contradiction
3749	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A fat lady feeding a girl.	entailment
3750	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A fat lady feeding a girl who is starving.	neutral
3751	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	Two people at a mealtime.	entailment
3752	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The daughter is eating something delicious.	neutral
3753	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is skinny.	contradiction
3754	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is in the kitchen.	neutral
3755	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A fat lady feeding a dog.	contradiction
3756	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The child is a boy.	neutral
3757	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A woman is feeding her young child.	entailment
3758	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	There are two women.	entailment
3759	a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is holding out a spoon to her child.	neutral
3760	A woman taking a picture.	The woman is taking a photo.	entailment
3761	A woman taking a picture.	The tourist is taking pictures of her vacation.	neutral
3762	A woman taking a picture.	The tourist is buying souvenirs of her trip.	contradiction
3763	A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph	The woman is taking a picture of a dog.	neutral
3764	A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph	The woman is taking a photograph.	entailment
3765	A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph	The woman is laying down.	contradiction
3766	A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.	the women is a model	neutral
3767	A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.	a women in a black dress and glasses takes a photo	entailment
3768	A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.	the women is sleeping	contradiction
3769	A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.	A man is recording a video.	contradiction
3770	A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.	A lady is taking a picture.	entailment
3771	A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.	A lady is taking a picture of a statue.	neutral
3772	An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.	the asian woman in shades holds a phone	entailment
3773	An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.	the dog eats legs	contradiction
3774	An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.	the asian woman in shades holds the phone she got for christmas	neutral
3775	A man playing a saxaphone.	A man plays an instrument.	entailment
3776	A man playing a saxaphone.	A man plays an instrument in a band.	neutral
3777	A man playing a saxaphone.	A man is drinking at a bar.	contradiction
3778	A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.	the boat is on the water	neutral
3779	A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.	the boat is carrying oil barrels	neutral
3780	A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.	the boat has nothing on it	contradiction
3781	An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.	A man is driving a car.	contradiction
3782	An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.	A man is playing a saxophone in room	neutral
3783	An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.	A man is playing a saxophone in inside of a building	entailment
3784	A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.	The men are about to board the ship.	neutral
3785	A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.	The ship is in the dock.	entailment
3786	A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.	The ship has had all of its supplies removed.	contradiction
3787	A man playing his saxophone in a public area.	A man is performing for a crowd for tips.	neutral
3788	A man playing his saxophone in a public area.	A man is playing a trumpet in a car.	contradiction
3789	A man playing his saxophone in a public area.	A man is playing a song on his instrument.	entailment
3790	Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.	A school class visits the aquarium.	contradiction
3791	Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.	The people hope to catch many fish.	neutral
3792	Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.	People are getting to go fishing on a boat.	entailment
3793	Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.	A young woman is talking on the phone with her mom as she opens her birthday present from her.	neutral
3794	Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.	A young woman is taking a nap in her bed.	contradiction
3795	Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.	A person is talking on their phone.	entailment
3796	A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.	The lady is having a conversation while not standing.	entailment
3797	A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.	The girl is walking in the grocery store silently.	contradiction
3798	A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.	The person is talking to her husband.	neutral
3799	A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.	A woman is laying down and typing on her computer.	contradiction
3800	A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.	A woman is talking to her child on the phone about school.	neutral
3801	A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.	A woman is sitting and talking on her cellphone.	entailment
3802	A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.	A woman is on her cellphone.	entailment
3803	A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.	A woman is talking to her lawyer on her cellphone.	neutral
3804	A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.	An alien is on her cellphone.	contradiction
3805	Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead	the man had a ash on his forehead	entailment
3806	Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead	the man was at church	neutral
3807	Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead	the bishop talked to the woman while putting a cross on her cheek	contradiction
3808	A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.	two men are skydiving	contradiction
3809	A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.	a man getting rid of his demon	neutral
3810	A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.	a priest rubs a man with his "cross."	entailment
3811	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two men are playing tennis.	contradiction
3812	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	The men are married to one another.	neutral
3813	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two men are near each other.	entailment
3814	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two women hug as they celebrate graduating	contradiction
3815	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A priest is meditating alone on his beliefs.	contradiction
3816	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	The man in the robe has no arms.	contradiction
3817	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	There are two men next to each other	entailment
3818	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A priest is giving a blessing to a man.	neutral
3819	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A man is standing by himself.	contradiction
3820	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A man places his hand on the forehand of a man kneeling down in front of him	neutral
3821	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A man wearing a white robe places his hand on the other man's forehead.	entailment
3822	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A priest is blessing someone.	neutral
3823	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	The two men are in a church.	neutral
3824	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A person is touching someone's face.	entailment
3825	A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two people are touching each other.	entailment
3826	A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.	A girl is building a sandcastle.	contradiction
3827	A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.	People are looking around the dirt.	entailment
3828	A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.	People are looking for a lost cellphone.	neutral
3829	A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.	The group of people are standing.	entailment
3830	A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.	The group of peopel are on a hiking trip.	neutral
3831	A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.	The group of dogs are standing on the dirt.	contradiction
3832	A group of people going for a hike.	A group of people are hiking.	entailment
3833	A group of people going for a hike.	A group of people dance in the woods.	contradiction
3834	A group of people going for a hike.	A group of people hike in the woods.	neutral
3835	A group of tourists are exploring the sight.	The People are not from here.	entailment
3836	A group of tourists are exploring the sight.	The people live next to the sight.	contradiction
3837	A group of tourists are exploring the sight.	The tourists are part of a tour group.	neutral
3838	A group of people are on a canyon.	People are hiking to the bottom of the canyon.	neutral
3839	A group of people are on a canyon.	People are on a canyon.	entailment
3840	A group of people are on a canyon.	People are on a hill.	contradiction
3841	Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.	Three women are enjoying a plane ride through the air.	contradiction
3842	Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.	Three women are on a balloon ride.	entailment
3843	Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.	Three women are taking a tour of the city by means of a hot air balloon.	neutral
3844	A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.	Some people are in a hot are balloon	entailment
3845	A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.	A group of dogs are in a hot air balloon.	contradiction
3846	A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.	Some people are high in the sky	neutral
3847	Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.	People are sitting in a balloon.	entailment
3848	Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.	There are couples in the balloon.	neutral
3849	Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.	There is only one person in the balloon.	contradiction
3850	a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.	Humans enjoying.	entailment
3851	a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.	Nobody is enjoying.	contradiction
3852	a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.	Tall humans enjoying.	neutral
3853	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Kids are enjoying rides at an amusement park at night	neutral
3854	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children stuck mid air on a balloon ride.	neutral
3855	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	People in a ride	entailment
3856	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children on a balloon ride at a carnival.	entailment
3857	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Adults are playing poker	contradiction
3858	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	The park was empty	contradiction
3859	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children are riding above the ground.	entailment
3860	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children painting a balloon in the air.	contradiction
3861	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Kids are on amusement park rides	entailment
3862	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	The children are enjoying their balloon ride.	neutral
3863	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Some kids are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park.	entailment
3864	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	The children are riding the go-carts.	contradiction
3865	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	A group of brothers and sisters are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park.	neutral
3866	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	10 people in a ride	neutral
3867	Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Only one child is on a balloon ride at the amusement park.	contradiction
3868	This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.	A bicyclist is riding uphill.	contradiction
3869	This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.	A go-cart race is happening down the hill.	neutral
3870	This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.	A go-cart picks up speed on the decline.	entailment
3871	a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.	A young person is outside.	entailment
3872	a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.	A young person is riding a wagon pushed by their parents.	neutral
3873	a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.	A young person is on the swingset.	contradiction
3874	A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.	A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a some sceneries picture	neutral
3875	A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.	A man sitting at the back of scooter	contradiction
3876	A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.	A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a picture	entailment
3877	a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.	A boy is on his way to see his grandmother.	neutral
3878	a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.	The boy is playing in the snow.	contradiction
3879	a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.	The boy is on a path in the woods.	entailment
3880	Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.	People stand with arms raised in the crowd.	entailment
3881	Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.	Many people were really enjoying the concert and raise their arms in support.	neutral
3882	Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.	Many people crossed their arms in the scarce crowd.	contradiction
3883	Girls are playing basketball.	There are girls performing a physical activity.	entailment
3884	Girls are playing basketball.	Some girls are playing for the championship.	neutral
3885	Girls are playing basketball.	The girls are sitting on a couch.	contradiction
3886	A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.	a canoe is floating	entailment
3887	A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.	the canoe is brown	neutral
3888	A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.	the canoe is sunken	contradiction
3889	A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.	A girl is sitting in a chair with people around her.	neutral
3890	A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.	A girl is surrounded by people.	entailment
3891	A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.	People are at a casino playing slots.	contradiction
3892	A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.	The crowd is at a concert.	neutral
3893	A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.	The crowd is looking at the same thing.	entailment
3894	A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.	There is a brawl happening.	contradiction
3895	Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	there are people gathered	entailment
3896	Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	there is nobody there	contradiction
3897	Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	there are people praying	neutral
3898	The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.	A dog is eating kibble in the kitchen	contradiction
3899	The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.	A young girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people	entailment
3900	The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.	A young Asian girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people	neutral
3901	People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.	A big wall with graffiti on it.	entailment
3902	People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.	A big wall with no graffiti on it.	contradiction
3903	People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.	A big wall with graffiti art on it.	neutral
3904	Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.	The people are strangers to eachother.	neutral
3905	Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.	The people are wearing yellow shirts.	contradiction
3906	Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.	There are three people wearing shirts.	entailment
3907	Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.	The 3 people standing outside are trying to figure out what they want to paint on the wall behind them.	neutral
3908	Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.	The 3 people are sitting on a red and black blanket in the country eating fried chicken.	contradiction
3909	Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.	There are 3 people outside.	entailment
3910	Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.	The locals are inside eating dinner.	contradiction
3911	Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.	The people are gang members.	neutral
3912	Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.	The people have painted a sign with graffiti.	entailment
3913	Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.	People are outside.	entailment
3914	Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.	People are bowling.	contradiction
3915	Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.	People are pointing at the graffiti.	neutral
3916	Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.	A baseball team is playing a game.	neutral
3917	Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.	The pitcher wears blue and gold.	contradiction
3918	Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.	A person is throwing a ball.	entailment
3919	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A band plays to a crowd of different ages outside.	neutral
3920	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A concert is for charity.	neutral
3921	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A band plays music outside.	entailment
3922	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band is sitting inside a car.	contradiction
3923	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A band eats lunch and waits for the sun to go down.	contradiction
3924	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The concert got canceled	contradiction
3925	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A concert is outside.	entailment
3926	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	There are thousands of people watching them perform.	contradiction
3927	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band is playing in a gazebo.	neutral
3928	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band are playing music.	entailment
3929	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A small crowd listens to a charity band outside.	neutral
3930	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A large crowd gathers for a speech in a town hall.	contradiction
3931	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	Several people are listening to a band.	entailment
3932	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A small crowd listens to a band outside.	entailment
3933	Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band are playing soft rock.	neutral
3934	Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.	Two adults are in the snow.	entailment
3935	Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.	Two adults are throwing snowballs.	neutral
3936	Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.	Two adults are sitting in the snow.	contradiction
3937	Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.	Bruce Springsteen is on stage.	entailment
3938	Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.	Bruce Springsteen is in a house.	contradiction
3939	Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.	There is a crowd watching.	neutral
3940	Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.	An unknown person standing in a crowd.	contradiction
3941	Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.	Bruce springsteen performing for a large crowd.	neutral
3942	Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.	Bruce Springsteen performing.	entailment
3943	A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.	The girlfriend is happy to see his boyfriend is enjoying his time on the snow.	neutral
3944	A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.	The couple is in equador.	contradiction
3945	A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.	The man and the woman are having fun in a snowy day.	entailment
3946	Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.	There is a man pointing at a crowd outdoors	neutral
3947	Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.	There is a man looking at a crowd not pointing	contradiction
3948	Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.	There is a man pointing to a crowd	entailment
3949	A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.	A photo of a Volvo dealership has two people and orange cones.	entailment
3950	A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.	There is a crime scene at the Volvo dealership.	neutral
3951	A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.	The Volvo dealership is serving ice cream.	contradiction
3952	A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.	A woman standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Honda dealership.	contradiction
3953	A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.	Someone is standing in the middle of the traffic cones in front of a car dealership.	entailment
3954	A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.	A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership, waiting for the car salesman.	neutral
3955	Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.	Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic	entailment
3956	Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.	Two men joyously stand in the middle of a square of traffic	neutral
3957	Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.	Two men don't stand in the middle of a square of traffic	contradiction
3958	A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.	A man is looking at Christmas trees.	contradiction
3959	A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.	A man walks around a Volvo car lot at night.	entailment
3960	A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.	A man visits his dealership to see new Volvo models.	neutral
3961	A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.	The woman is inside a store.	entailment
3962	A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.	The woman is digging in her flowerbed, getting rid of all the weeds.	contradiction
3963	A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.	The woman is treating herself to a nice day of spa/nails/hair after a stressful week at work.	neutral
3964	A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.	A woman is giving another woman a pedicure.	contradiction
3965	A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.	A woman is giving another woman a manicure.	entailment
3966	A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.	A woman is painting a womans acrylics purple.	neutral
3967	A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.	A woman is painting another womans finger nails.	entailment
3968	A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.	A woman is painting her bestfriends nails for a date.	neutral
3969	A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.	A woman is getting a massage at a spa.	contradiction
3970	A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.	Someone has long nails.	neutral
3971	A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.	Someone is having their nails painted.	entailment
3972	A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.	Only one person is getting a green manicure.	contradiction
3973	there are six dogs in the water	The pets are playing cards.	contradiction
3974	there are six dogs in the water	There is a pack of dogs are drinking water.	neutral
3975	there are six dogs in the water	There are animal wading in the waters.	entailment
3976	A group of dogs standing in a river.	The dogs are in the water.	entailment
3977	A group of dogs standing in a river.	There are three dogs in the water.	neutral
3978	A group of dogs standing in a river.	The dog bites the girl.	contradiction
3979	a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.	A large group of dogs are swimming in deep water.	contradiction
3980	a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.	Animals are walking around in some water.	entailment
3981	a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.	An owner walks his dogs in shallow water at the beach.	neutral
3982	The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.	A white dog is laying on the rug.	contradiction
3983	The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.	A white dog is staring over a ledge at a cat.	neutral
3984	The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.	A white dog is peering over a ledge.	entailment
3985	Dogs play in creek.	The dogs are at the vet office.	contradiction
3986	Dogs play in creek.	There are dogs playing in the water.	entailment
3987	Dogs play in creek.	The dogs are hot.	neutral
3988	A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	A sad boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	neutral
3989	A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	A girl in blue slides down a tan slide.	contradiction
3990	A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	A person in blue slides down a tan slide.	entailment
3991	A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.	There is a boy is playing.	entailment
3992	A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.	A man is sent on a mission to outer space.	contradiction
3993	A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.	A boy is playing at the playground with his friends.	neutral
3994	A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.	The slide is big	neutral
3995	A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.	The boy is wearing clothes	entailment
3996	A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.	The boy is wearing a green shirt	contradiction
3997	A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.	A dark-haired boy runs through the living room	contradiction
3998	A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.	A dark-haired boy is sitting outside of Walmart.	neutral
3999	A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.	A dark-haired boy is sitting on the outside of a beige structure.	entailment
4000	A boy is going down the slide.	A boy is on a slide	entailment
4001	A boy is going down the slide.	A boy is at the park	neutral
4002	A boy is going down the slide.	A boy is in a tent	contradiction
4003	A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.	A gray dog running outdoors.	entailment
4004	A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.	A gray dog chasing a squirrel outdoors.	neutral
4005	A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.	A dog eating a piece of bacon.	contradiction
4006	People standing together under a "start" banner in the street.	people are sitting	contradiction
4007	People standing together under a "start" banner in the street.	start banners are needed	neutral
4008	People standing together under a "start" banner in the street.	people stand	entailment
4009	A young boy jumps into the water.	The boy is outside.	entailment
4010	A young boy jumps into the water.	The boy is playing in water.	neutral
4011	A young boy jumps into the water.	The boy is playing in a sandbox.	contradiction
4012	Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	The guards are all angry.	neutral
4013	Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	The guards are sleeping in a bell tower.	contradiction
4014	Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	The guards are standing at the starting line	entailment
4015	A person walking on a path while using a cane.	A person riding a bike.	contradiction
4016	A person walking on a path while using a cane.	A person using a cane.	entailment
4017	A person walking on a path while using a cane.	A person using a antique cane.	neutral
4018	A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.	He is good at sports.	neutral
4019	A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.	He is asking around for directions to the nearest restroom.	contradiction
4020	A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.	He is playing ball.	entailment
4021	Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.	Two workers lay new bricks for a cobblestone road.	neutral
4022	Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.	Two men take bricks from a cobblestone road.	contradiction
4023	Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.	Two men doing construction work.	entailment
4024	A person in red sitting on a beach.	The person is wearing blue.	contradiction
4025	A person in red sitting on a beach.	The person is going to get into the water.	neutral
4026	A person in red sitting on a beach.	The person is at the beach.	entailment
4027	A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	Someone dressed in red is sitting on the beach.	entailment
4028	A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	Someone wearing a red shirt, hides in the shade.	entailment
4029	A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	A lady is laying on the beach.	contradiction
4030	The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.	A small tree has someone sitting beneath it.	entailment
4031	The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.	The person in a red tank top is running down the beach.	contradiction
4032	The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.	The person under the tree is wearing jeans.	neutral
4033	A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.	Man sitting on Venus beach.	neutral
4034	A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.	Man sitting on the sand at the Mojave desert.	contradiction
4035	A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.	Man sitting on the beach.	entailment
4036	People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.	people enjoying the beach	entailment
4037	People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.	the people are ladies	neutral
4038	People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.	the people are flying a plane	contradiction
4039	A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.	A woman is at lunch with her friend.	neutral
4040	A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.	A woman is looking at her phone.	entailment
4041	A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.	A woman is writing a letter.	contradiction
4042	Craftsman hanging from a rope.	The Craftsman is sitting on the ground.	contradiction
4043	Craftsman hanging from a rope.	The rope is long.	neutral
4044	Craftsman hanging from a rope.	There is someone hanging from the rope.	entailment
4045	The white dog brings a stick from the water.	A dog is carrying something.	entailment
4046	The white dog brings a stick from the water.	A baby sleeps in his crib.	contradiction
4047	The white dog brings a stick from the water.	A dog is playing fetch with his owner.	neutral
4048	A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform	A man celebrates his birthday with a trip ziplining.	neutral
4049	A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform	A man goes bungee jumping.	contradiction
4050	A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform	A man goes ziplining.	entailment
4051	A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.	The man is wearing green pants.	contradiction
4052	A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.	This is the first time the man has rode a zipline.	neutral
4053	A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.	The man is outside.	entailment
4054	A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.	There is a woman standing still	contradiction
4055	A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.	There is a woman using a zipline.	entailment
4056	A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.	The woman is moving quickly through the air	neutral
4057	A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.	A person using a zip line on their vacation.	neutral
4058	A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.	A person on a surfboard with a yellow helmet.	contradiction
4059	A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.	A person using a zip line.	entailment
4060	a little boy plays in the snow.	The boy is outside in winter	entailment
4061	a little boy plays in the snow.	The boy is dressed in a t-shirt and shorts	contradiction
4062	a little boy plays in the snow.	The boy is making snowballs	neutral
4063	A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.	A man pulling a cart full of grass seed.	contradiction
4064	A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.	A man pulling a cart.	entailment
4065	A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.	A man pulling a cart of bricks to the construction site.	neutral
4066	Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.	A lot of people drinking.	entailment
4067	Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.	All woman drinking together.	neutral
4068	Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.	A group of people at the library.	contradiction
4069	Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.	There are only guys at a party	contradiction
4070	Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.	There are guys and girls at a crowded party	entailment
4071	Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.	There are guys and girls at a party	neutral
4072	A group of people are in a crowded place.	A crowd of people getting ready for the concert.	neutral
4073	A group of people are in a crowded place.	A group of people in a quiet alley.	contradiction
4074	A group of people are in a crowded place.	A group people in a busy area.	entailment
4075	An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.	There is a picture of alligators	contradiction
4076	An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.	There is a large group outside	entailment
4077	An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.	The people gather to watch the fight	neutral
4078	Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.	the people are in the sun	neutral
4079	Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.	the people are flying a plane	contradiction
4080	Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.	people are wearing glasses	entailment
4081	A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.	The man is riding his bike.	entailment
4082	A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.	The man is riding an elephant.	contradiction
4083	A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.	The man is advertising Google.	neutral
4084	Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.	The friends are hanging out in an apartment.	contradiction
4085	Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.	The friends are on the beach.	entailment
4086	Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.	The friends took a day trip to a beach together.	neutral
4087	Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.	Some men are outside at the beach.	entailment
4088	Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.	Three young women swim at the beach.	contradiction
4089	Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.	Three men are posing for a picture before they leave the beach.	neutral
4090	A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.	The sign says no ad space is available	contradiction
4091	A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.	A sign outside	entailment
4092	A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.	The sign is large	neutral
4093	A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.	The man and woman look off in the distance.	entailment
4094	A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.	The man and woman are sweaty.	neutral
4095	A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.	The man and woman are in the desert.	contradiction
4096	A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.	The man has a couple of tattoos.	entailment
4097	A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.	The man wants a tattoo of a skull and cross bones on his shoulder.	neutral
4098	A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.	This is the man's first tattoo ever.	contradiction
4099	A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.	A man sleeps.	contradiction
4100	A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.	A chef is preparing their favorite dish in a large kitchen.	neutral
4101	A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.	A chef in a kitchen.	entailment
4102	A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.	A man is getting a tattoo.	entailment
4103	A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.	A man is happy to be getting a new tattoo.	neutral
4104	A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.	A man is getting a haircut.	contradiction
4105	Tattooed man getting a tattoo.	A tattooed man is getting his tattoos erased.	contradiction
4106	Tattooed man getting a tattoo.	A tattooed man is getting a tattoo of a Chinese character.	neutral
4107	Tattooed man getting a tattoo.	A tattooed man is getting a new tattoo.	entailment
4108	Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.	Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen at his place of employment	neutral
4109	Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.	Short order cook is cooking up a meal	entailment
4110	Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.	Short order cook is sitting down eating a meal	contradiction
4111	A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.	A male chief in a kitchen.	entailment
4112	A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.	A female chief in a kitchen.	contradiction
4113	A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.	A male Indian chief in a kitchen.	neutral
4114	The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.	A blonde mother looks on as her blonde daughter gets her first hair cut.	neutral
4115	The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.	A blonde mother looks on as her daughter gets her first hair cut.	entailment
4116	The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.	A blonde mother watches her daughter get her teeth pulled for the first time.	contradiction
4117	A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.	A policemen handcuffing a suspect.	contradiction
4118	A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.	A policemen standing out in the cold.	neutral
4119	A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.	A policeman has his hands in his pockets.	entailment
4120	Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.	Some people are inside a store.	entailment
4121	Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.	Customers are buying some food for breakfast.	neutral
4122	Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.	The restaurant is closed as people look from outside.	contradiction
4123	A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car	The woman sits next to the car.	contradiction
4124	A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car	The security guard stands next to the car.	entailment
4125	A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car	The security guard stands next to the suspicious car.	neutral
4126	A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.	A young girl gets her hair styled for prom.	neutral
4127	A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.	A girl gets her hair styled.	entailment
4128	A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.	A boy gets a haircut.	contradiction
4129	A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.	A man is near a trailer.	entailment
4130	A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.	A man is at the fair.	neutral
4131	A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.	A man is mowing his lawn.	contradiction
4132	A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.	a woman is crocheting	contradiction
4133	A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.	a man tries to sell many sunglasses	neutral
4134	A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.	a man carries sunglasses on a piece of wood	entailment
4135	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man watches someone cook something on the stove.	neutral
4136	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man has a tan hat.	entailment
4137	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A child goes down a slide.	contradiction
4138	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	He is sitting at a picnic table outside.	contradiction
4139	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man is looking at his house.	neutral
4140	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man has a small tan hat.	neutral
4141	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	The young man is taller than the wall separating the kitchen and the living area.	entailment
4142	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man is standing in the kitchen.	neutral
4143	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	The  young man is looking to see if dinner is ready yet.	neutral
4144	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man wears a hat.	entailment
4145	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	a man is inside.	entailment
4146	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
4147	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man is outside looking at the house.	contradiction
4148	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man has a white hat.	contradiction
4149	A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	He is standing inside the house.	entailment
4150	A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.	A man is in a friend's kitchen	neutral
4151	A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.	A man wearing a red shirt is in someone's bedroom.	contradiction
4152	A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.	A man is in a kitchen	entailment
4153	A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.	a man is standing in household	neutral
4154	A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.	A man wearing a green shirt is standing near the house	entailment
4155	A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.	A man is driving a car.	contradiction
4156	Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.	The child is asleep in his bed	contradiction
4157	Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.	There is a child being punished in the kitchen	neutral
4158	Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.	There is a child indoors.	entailment
4159	People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.	A man is riding a bike through tent world.	contradiction
4160	People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.	It is raining so a guy is fixing a bike underneath the protection of a tent.	neutral
4161	People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.	A guy is working on a bike.	entailment
4162	There is a homeless man outside this building.	There is a rich man outside this building.	contradiction
4163	There is a homeless man outside this building.	The homeless man is trying to get donations.	neutral
4164	There is a homeless man outside this building.	There is a homeless man outside this building.	entailment
4165	The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.	The man is riding his bicycle around the neighborhood	contradiction
4166	The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.	The onlooker is getting his bike fixed.	neutral
4167	The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.	The man is working on his vehicle.	entailment
4168	A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent	A woman in a green dress is in line to buy popcorn at a movie theater.	contradiction
4169	A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent	There is a woman under a colorful tent.	entailment
4170	A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent	A woman is sitting at a picnic table underneath an outdoor tent.	neutral
4171	A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.	I see a boy in a red swim suit	entailment
4172	A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.	the boy is at the beach laughing	neutral
4173	A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.	the boy is in space	contradiction
4174	A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.	A woman is sleeping in a bed.	contradiction
4175	A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.	A black man is competing in a triathlon.	neutral
4176	A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.	A man is running.	entailment
4177	Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.	The people are using a camera.	entailment
4178	Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.	The people took a picture of the woman.	neutral
4179	Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.	The people are sleeping together alone.	contradiction
4180	A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.	the child was waiting to go in the pool	neutral
4181	A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.	the blonde child had lunch	contradiction
4182	A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.	the child was sitting	entailment
4183	A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.	A person drawing well water with lush vegetation all around.	entailment
4184	A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.	A woman drawing well water in an oasis in the middle of a desert.	neutral
4185	A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.	A woman getting water from a stream in a rocky, mountainous area.	contradiction
4186	Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.	The boy is wearing a tuxedo.	contradiction
4187	Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.	The boy is dressed in a swimsuit.	entailment
4188	Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.	The boy is at the beach.	neutral
4189	A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.	Everyone is standing around a fire.	contradiction
4190	A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.	A boy is laughing at a joke.	neutral
4191	A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.	Someone is laughing.	entailment
4192	A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.	The woman is attending a party.	neutral
4193	A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.	The woman is clutching her purse while looking around the empty room.	contradiction
4194	A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.	A woman is located in the middle of a crowded room holding a glass.	entailment
4195	A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.	A woman is jumping off a roof	contradiction
4196	A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.	A picture is being taken to send to a magazine	neutral
4197	A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.	A woman is smiling at a camera	entailment
4198	A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A lone man stands by himself.	contradiction
4199	A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A family celebrates a birthday.	neutral
4200	A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A group of humans.	entailment
4201	Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.	Two people are making funny faces.	entailment
4202	Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.	Two men are playing football.	contradiction
4203	Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.	Two teachers are making funny faces at their students.	neutral
4204	Two men performing in a band.	men putting on concert	neutral
4205	Two men performing in a band.	two men play music	entailment
4206	Two men performing in a band.	dog sleeps in grass	contradiction
4207	A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.	A man is walking	entailment
4208	A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.	The man is fully clothed	contradiction
4209	A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.	The man is weird	neutral
4210	A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.	A women is getting ready to wash her cat.	neutral
4211	A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.	A women is scrubbing a dog.	contradiction
4212	A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.	A women scrubbing a bucket.	entailment
4213	A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.	There is a man outside.	entailment
4214	A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.	A man is sleeping on a bench.	contradiction
4215	A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.	An injured man is taking a walk.	neutral
4216	a crane flying just above a body of water	A crane is sitting over a nest.	contradiction
4217	a crane flying just above a body of water	A crane is looking for food.	neutral
4218	a crane flying just above a body of water	A crane is outdoors.	entailment
4219	Construction men are climbing wooden supports.	Some guys are climbing up a building.	neutral
4220	Construction men are climbing wooden supports.	Some men are climbing.	entailment
4221	Construction men are climbing wooden supports.	Some men are painting a house.	contradiction
4222	Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.	Two men are washing the windows on the building.	contradiction
4223	Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.	Two men are fixing the appearance of the building.	entailment
4224	Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.	Two men are painting the building yellow.	neutral
4225	Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.	The men are working on a construction site.	neutral
4226	Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.	The men are making the wall look better.	entailment
4227	Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.	The men are eating a sandwich.	contradiction
4228	Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.	Two construction workers are climbing as part of their job.	neutral
4229	Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.	Two men are working on construction.	entailment
4230	Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.	Two men are hammering something into a wall.	contradiction
4231	A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.	A man has a white shirt.	entailment
4232	A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.	The man has a red shirt.	contradiction
4233	A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.	The man is black.	neutral
4234	A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.	A man is cooking on a grill while a woman watches.	entailment
4235	A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.	A man and woman are having an outdoor party.	neutral
4236	A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.	A man and woman are grilling in the rain.	contradiction
4237	Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.	Two men are cooking outdoors.	entailment
4238	Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.	Two men are sitting on the couch watching television.	contradiction
4239	Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.	Two men work at a hot dogs stand on the sidewalk.	neutral
4240	A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.	Two people are making steak with a torch.	entailment
4241	A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.	A person is cooking spaghetti on a stove.	contradiction
4242	A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.	Two chefs are making steaks with a torch.	neutral
4243	Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.	two small neighbourhood children watching other people mixing dust	neutral
4244	Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.	children goes to sleep in dormitory	contradiction
4245	Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.	two children watching people mixing dust in their floral clothing	entailment
4246	Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.	The couple are playing chess.	contradiction
4247	Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.	The people have no clue how to barbecue.	neutral
4248	Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.	The people are cooking.	entailment
4249	Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.	The man is playing the guitar.	entailment
4250	Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.	The man is on stage.	neutral
4251	Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.	The mans hair is on fire.	contradiction
4252	Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.	The dogs run in a field	entailment
4253	Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.	The dogs are outside	neutral
4254	Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.	The dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
4255	Men standing in a dumpster in a city.	Some men are burning some trash.	contradiction
4256	Men standing in a dumpster in a city.	Some homeless men are searching for food.	neutral
4257	Men standing in a dumpster in a city.	Some men are in a dumpster.	entailment
4258	Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.	Two children ride their sleds.	entailment
4259	Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.	The children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball.	contradiction
4260	Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.	The children are excited because this is the first snow of the winter.	neutral
4261	Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as "saucers".	The children are siblings.	neutral
4262	Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as "saucers".	The kids are sledding.	entailment
4263	Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as "saucers".	The kids are in school.	contradiction
4264	A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.	A man is in a canoe.	entailment
4265	A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.	A man scuba dives.	contradiction
4266	A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.	A man waits to go out on the lake.	neutral
4267	Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.	a woman is standing in the woods	contradiction
4268	Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.	A man is sitting in a boat	entailment
4269	Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.	a man is sitting outside	neutral
4270	Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.	7 children are asleep in a car.	contradiction
4271	Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.	Two children are asleep in a stroller.	neutral
4272	Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.	Two children are asleep in a multi-child stroller on the sidewalk.	entailment
4273	A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
4274	A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.	A man is fishing.	neutral
4275	A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.	A man is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
4276	A man sitting in a rowboat	a man is standing in a boat	contradiction
4277	A man sitting in a rowboat	a man is in a rowboat	entailment
4278	A man sitting in a rowboat	a man is in a rowboat waiting for rescue	neutral
4279	A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.	The woman has blond hair.	neutral
4280	A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.	The woman is wearing orange.	contradiction
4281	A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.	The woman is listening to something.	entailment
4282	Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Two guards are standing at the exit.	contradiction
4283	Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Two people are watching an entrance.	entailment
4284	Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Two guards are standing watch.	neutral
4285	Two guards sitting and talking to each other.	Two tall guards sitting at a table.	neutral
4286	Two guards sitting and talking to each other.	People sitting and talking.	entailment
4287	Two guards sitting and talking to each other.	Two guards shooting guns.	contradiction
4288	Man in gray hoodie nodding down.	A man wears a gray hoodie.	entailment
4289	Man in gray hoodie nodding down.	An ex-convict wears a red hoodie.	neutral
4290	Man in gray hoodie nodding down.	A lady wears a blue hoodie.	contradiction
4291	Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.	Two workers take a break together.	neutral
4292	Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.	Two people sit on a closed gate.	contradiction
4293	Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.	Two people in matching clothes sit together.	entailment
4294	A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.	A man is sitting.	entailment
4295	A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.	A man runs a race.	contradiction
4296	A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.	A workman eats lunch.	neutral
4297	A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.	A thief tries to hide evidence of wrongdoing	neutral
4298	A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.	A hooded man records people outside	contradiction
4299	A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.	A hooded man messes with equipment	entailment
4300	A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.	The green house is full of plants.	contradiction
4301	A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.	There is a woodworking shop.	neutral
4302	A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.	There is a wood working tool.	entailment
4303	Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.	A man with a covered face sits.	entailment
4304	Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.	A man hiding his face sits next to the fallen tree.	neutral
4305	Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.	A man with a clearly visible face stands.	contradiction
4306	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	The dog is dry.	contradiction
4307	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	No water	contradiction
4308	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	The dog is wet.	entailment
4309	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	The dog is a poodle.	neutral
4310	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A dog is just coming out of a bath	neutral
4311	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A black lab jumping in a lake.	contradiction
4312	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A huge dog	neutral
4313	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A dog shakes himself.	entailment
4314	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal trying to dry itself off.	entailment
4315	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A puppy is sleeping on the bed	contradiction
4316	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A dog is wet.	neutral
4317	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal is trying to get dry	entailment
4318	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A labrador retriever drying itself off.	neutral
4319	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	Rasputin skateboards.	contradiction
4320	A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal	entailment
4321	Mallard duck swimming out in the water.	The duck is in the pond.	neutral
4322	Mallard duck swimming out in the water.	The duck is in the playpen.	contradiction
4323	Mallard duck swimming out in the water.	The duck is outside in the water.	entailment
4324	A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.	Ducks like to flap their wings in the water.	entailment
4325	A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.	Someone was scaring a duck in the water.	neutral
4326	A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.	Ducks like to eat other ducks in the water.	contradiction
4327	A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.	The duck is being chased.	neutral
4328	A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.	There is a mallard duck.	entailment
4329	A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.	The duck is red.	contradiction
4330	A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.	A male rides his transportation past a food market.	entailment
4331	A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.	A male looks at the food market as he rides his transporation past.	neutral
4332	A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.	A male eats lunch at home.	contradiction
4333	A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	A man riding a car past a grocery store.	contradiction
4334	A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	A man riding a ten speed bike past a grocery store.	neutral
4335	A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	A man riding a bike past a grocery store.	entailment
4336	A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.	A man with a purse is sitting still.	contradiction
4337	A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.	A person is on a moving object.	entailment
4338	A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.	A man travels to a destination.	neutral
4339	A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.	A man rides his bicycle in the city, passing food markets and other stores.	neutral
4340	A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.	A man parks his bicycle in front of the Chung May Food Market.	contradiction
4341	A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.	A man rides his bicycle past a shop.	entailment
4342	Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.	Tourists try to get a feel for their surroundings.	neutral
4343	Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.	A couple of girl relax with some reading material.	entailment
4344	Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.	Several female businessmen attempt to sell expensive products.	contradiction
4345	A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.	A man is falling of a roof as he tries to catch his falling sunglasses.	contradiction
4346	A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.	A man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on the top of a house.	entailment
4347	A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.	A man kneeling on a roof is fixing a spot on the roof with a piece of plywood.	neutral
4348	Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.	A man is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
4349	Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.	A man practicing his butterfly stroke.	neutral
4350	Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.	A man swimming.	entailment
4351	A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.	A man is swimming in a pool.	contradiction
4352	A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.	A man is keeping the water from his eyes.	entailment
4353	A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.	A man is learning to swim.	neutral
4354	A dog near the shore of a body of water.	A dog is in a boat	contradiction
4355	A dog near the shore of a body of water.	A dog is outside near the water	entailment
4356	A dog near the shore of a body of water.	A dog is waiting for his owner	neutral
4357	A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.	the swimmer is in the lake	entailment
4358	A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.	the swimmer is at the pool	contradiction
4359	A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.	the lake is cold	neutral
4360	And male and female duo perform on stage.	two people performing.	entailment
4361	And male and female duo perform on stage.	a man and woman performing surgery.	contradiction
4362	And male and female duo perform on stage.	a man and woman performing on stage.	neutral
4363	Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.	The little boy was playing with his toy airplane.	neutral
4364	Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.	The little boy was flying his toy airplane in the open field.	entailment
4365	Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.	The little girl was playing with her doll.	contradiction
4366	A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.	Women sit next to a shop.	entailment
4367	A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.	Woman walk through a crowded mall.	contradiction
4368	A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.	Women wait for a store to open.	neutral
4369	A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.	A boy has a remote control airplane in the field by his house.	neutral
4370	A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.	A young person is playing with an object in the air.	entailment
4371	A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.	A boy is playing with a toy dumptruck on the street.	contradiction
4372	A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.	A boy is playing in a field.	entailment
4373	A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.	A boy is at a sports event.	contradiction
4374	A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.	A boy is flying a plane with his father.	neutral
4375	A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.	A child is playing with is toys in the bedroom.	contradiction
4376	A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.	A child is outside.	neutral
4377	A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.	A child is playing with a toy airplane outside.	entailment
4378	On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.	A person is walking through the rain	entailment
4379	On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.	A person is carrying his stuff for a parade	neutral
4380	On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.	A person is carrying an empty hanger and bagpipes	contradiction
4381	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is late for a funeral.	neutral
4382	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man in the rain is wet.	entailment
4383	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	He is cold.	neutral
4384	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is late for the funeral.	neutral
4385	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is playing the trumpet.	contradiction
4386	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The gentleman is walking carrying only his guitar	contradiction
4387	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The woman is holding a violin.	contradiction
4388	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man's face is red with excitement.	neutral
4389	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A gentleman walking in the rain towards the flute festival.	contradiction
4390	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	He is dry.	contradiction
4391	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The gentleman is walking in the rain.	entailment
4392	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is wet.	entailment
4393	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A man is outside with an instrument.	entailment
4394	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A gentleman walking in the rain, holding his instrument.	entailment
4395	A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A gentleman walking in the rain walking to a funeral.	neutral
4396	A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.	A man is playing the bagpipes.	entailment
4397	A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.	A woman in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at her.	contradiction
4398	A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.	A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes  for monetary gain.	neutral
4399	A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.	The man is playing a funeral dirge.	neutral
4400	A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.	The man is holding an instrument.	entailment
4401	A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.	The man is wearing jeans.	contradiction
4402	Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	A man playing music on the sidewalk.	entailment
4403	Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	A man playing music on the sidewalk in front of a restaurant.	neutral
4404	Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	A woman in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	contradiction
4405	Two men playing horseshoes.	Two guys are competing in a horseshoe tournament.	neutral
4406	Two men playing horseshoes.	Two guys are outdoors.	entailment
4407	Two men playing horseshoes.	Two guys are playing basketball.	contradiction
4408	People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.	The people are paid performers.	neutral
4409	People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.	The people are dressed up.	entailment
4410	People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.	The people are naked.	contradiction
4411	People are playing near the ocean.	People are playing cards in Las Vegas.	contradiction
4412	People are playing near the ocean.	People are throwing a frisbee to a dog on the beach.	neutral
4413	People are playing near the ocean.	People are playing.	entailment
4414	A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.	The people are moving their bodies.	entailment
4415	A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.	The people are asleep.	contradiction
4416	A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.	They are celebrating their wedding.	neutral
4417	Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.	Lab partners are studying together.	neutral
4418	Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.	To girls are looking at something.	entailment
4419	Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.	Two men are sharing a copy of 50 shades of grey.	contradiction
4420	Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.	Two ladies are looking at a booklet together.	entailment
4421	Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.	Two people are checking out the handbook.	neutral
4422	Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.	A group of men are holding books.	contradiction
4423	Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.	Two women are looking at a notebook together, they are both wearing their safety goggles.	entailment
4424	Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.	Two women are sitting side by side looking at their notebooks.	contradiction
4425	Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.	Two women are looking at something.	neutral
4426	Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.	Two women are camping outside.	contradiction
4427	Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.	Two women are working on dangerous chemicals.	neutral
4428	Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.	Two women have their eyes protected.	entailment
4429	Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.	The girls are dissecting a frog.	contradiction
4430	Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.	The girls are looking at a book.	entailment
4431	Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.	The book is about chemistry.	neutral
4432	Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.	some persons dancing	neutral
4433	Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.	Five ladies are dancing.	entailment
4434	Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.	five ladies are not there	contradiction
4435	Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.	Four dancers are wearing black and red costumes and doing the tango.	neutral
4436	Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.	There are four people dancing, each wearing black clothing with a red ribbon belt.	entailment
4437	Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.	The four dancers, dressed in black and red, are resting and sitting at a table.	contradiction
4438	Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.	people are performing in front of  a large crowd	neutral
4439	Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.	people are performing ballet	entailment
4440	Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.	people are at home sleeping	contradiction
4441	A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.	A man is riding a skateboard.	contradiction
4442	A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.	A man is riding a red bike.	entailment
4443	A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.	The man is showing off to his friends.	neutral
4444	A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.	A guy doing tricks on a bike.	neutral
4445	A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.	A man wrecking his bike.	contradiction
4446	A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.	A guy riding a bike in the street doing a wheely.	entailment
4447	A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.	a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle	entailment
4448	A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.	a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle to meet his friend	neutral
4449	A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.	a woman holding a scruffy cat	contradiction
4450	A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.	The bike is comfortable to ride on	neutral
4451	A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.	The man on the bike has no legs	contradiction
4452	A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.	The man is on a bike	entailment
4453	A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.	The man is balancing on one wheel.	entailment
4454	A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.	The man is a professional bicycle rider.	neutral
4455	A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.	The man is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
4456	A red colored diner features dark red chairs.	There are red chairs in the diner.	entailment
4457	A red colored diner features dark red chairs.	All of the chairs and tables in the diner are red.	neutral
4458	A red colored diner features dark red chairs.	There are no red chairs in the diner.	contradiction
4459	Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.	people are in the sun in the desert	contradiction
4460	Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.	it is a sunny day	neutral
4461	Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.	people are sitting by the water	entailment
4462	Two children hug one another.	One child is giving another child a hug.	entailment
4463	Two children hug one another.	The children are smiling.	neutral
4464	Two children hug one another.	The children are brushing their teeth.	contradiction
4465	A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper	A man is reading a book.	contradiction
4466	A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper	A man is reading a newspaper.	entailment
4467	A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper	A man is reading the sports section.	neutral
4468	A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.	A man is reading a paper while leaning against a brick wall.	neutral
4469	A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.	A man is reading a paper.	entailment
4470	A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.	A man is reading a newspaper on a train.	contradiction
4471	A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.	A man is reading a newspaper outside.	entailment
4472	A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.	A woman is reading a magazine.	contradiction
4473	A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.	The reporter browses through the morning paper looking for his feature article.	neutral
4474	A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.	Business man checking the stocks in the paper on the street.	neutral
4475	A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.	Woman reading a book outdoors.	contradiction
4476	A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.	Man in professional attire reading a newspaper outside.	entailment
4477	A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.	a man leans up against an art installation	neutral
4478	A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.	a person reading in front of a building	entailment
4479	A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.	a blind man sits in front of a building	contradiction
4480	Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.	The children are at home watching television.	contradiction
4481	Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.	The children have something on their feet.	entailment
4482	Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.	The children are related.	neutral
4483	Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.	A boy is skating with his friends.	neutral
4484	Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.	A boy is skating with other people around him.	entailment
4485	Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.	A girl is playing at a park by herself.	contradiction
4486	Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.	some kids are going skating	neutral
4487	Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.	the men are doing yoga	contradiction
4488	Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.	Three kids are ice skating	entailment
4489	three young people skating in a skating rink	The three people are skating together.	entailment
4490	three young people skating in a skating rink	The three people are throwing the baseball around.	contradiction
4491	three young people skating in a skating rink	The three people know each other.	neutral
4492	Two girls and a boy rollerskating.	Some kids are having a skating contest.	neutral
4493	Two girls and a boy rollerskating.	Some kids are rollerskating.	entailment
4494	Two girls and a boy rollerskating.	Some kids are playing basketball.	contradiction
4495	A toddler swings back very high.	a toddler swings high	entailment
4496	A toddler swings back very high.	a boy swings high	neutral
4497	A toddler swings back very high.	a toddler plays on a slide	contradiction
4498	A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.	the man is wearing gucci	neutral
4499	A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.	a man in a coat	entailment
4500	A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.	the man is wearing a sweatshirt	contradiction
4501	A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.	The man threw a stick.	entailment
4502	A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.	The man is practicing javelin throwing for a compeition.	neutral
4503	A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.	The man is dancing in the moonlight with his daughter.	contradiction
4504	A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.	A man is preparing to demonstrate an ancient hunting technique.	neutral
4505	A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.	A man is holding a stick.	entailment
4506	A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.	A man works on transforming his bamboo stick into a fishing pole.	contradiction
4507	A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.	A man in a scark throws a stick.	entailment
4508	A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.	Bob Stickthrower lived up to his name.	neutral
4509	A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.	A man ate a stick.	contradiction
4510	A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.	A man gets ready to throw a stick.	entailment
4511	A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.	A man gets ready to throw a stick to his dog.	neutral
4512	A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.	A man is sitting still at the beach.	contradiction
4513	Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.	There is a 1v1 going on between friends	entailment
4514	Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.	There is a 1v1 going on between friends for money	neutral
4515	Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.	People don't play sports	contradiction
4516	A young boy and girl hug and smile.	young couple hugging	entailment
4517	A young boy and girl hug and smile.	youth enjoying	neutral
4518	A young boy and girl hug and smile.	youth playing	contradiction
4519	A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.	The makeup was done by her daughter.	neutral
4520	A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.	A woman with heavy makeup is standing.	entailment
4521	A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.	A man with heavy makeup is standing.	contradiction
4522	An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.	An older woman is selling newspapers.	contradiction
4523	An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.	An old man is selling to pay for college.	neutral
4524	An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.	An old man has a newspaper.	entailment
4525	A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.	The man is pulling anchor.	neutral
4526	A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.	The man is standing.	entailment
4527	A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.	The man is drinking a beer in a pub.	contradiction
4528	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	four musicians play for a man	entailment
4529	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	The street performers are hoping to make money.	neutral
4530	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
4531	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	a kid in a car goes through a drive thru	contradiction
4532	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A group of people play music outside.	entailment
4533	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	Classical musicians are raising money by playing on the street.	neutral
4534	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	There is no one listening to the musicians.	contradiction
4535	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	The young man is riding his bike down the street.	contradiction
4536	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	Musicians are playing at an indoor concert.	contradiction
4537	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A big band perfomance on a ship plays to a crowd of women.	contradiction
4538	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	four musicians play freebird	neutral
4539	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	Four musicians play music while a talen scout stops and listens.	neutral
4540	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A man with a bike watched musicians playing.	entailment
4541	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A man listens to four musicians playing on the street.	entailment
4542	Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	They four musicians just met.	neutral
4543	Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.	some musicians sleep	contradiction
4544	Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.	four musicians are playing instruments	entailment
4545	Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.	musicians are outside	neutral
4546	Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.	A young adult band played outside.	neutral
4547	Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.	Some young people were playing musical instruments outside.	entailment
4548	Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.	The drummer hammered away at his kit in the garage.	contradiction
4549	A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.	The street band is playing outside.	entailment
4550	A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.	The band is playing jazz music.	neutral
4551	A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.	The street band is inside a cafe for a show.	contradiction
4552	Three taxis have been pulled over.	Three taxis are on the street.	entailment
4553	Three taxis have been pulled over.	The three taxis were speeding.	neutral
4554	Three taxis have been pulled over.	Three motorcycles were pulled over.	contradiction
4555	Line of taxis waiting for passengers.	Trucks are driving down a highway.	contradiction
4556	Line of taxis waiting for passengers.	Taxis are waiting.	entailment
4557	Line of taxis waiting for passengers.	Taxis wait for passengers at the airport.	neutral
4558	Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.	Many buses are parked at a station.	contradiction
4559	Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.	Taxis line up at a station.	entailment
4560	Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.	Cabs wait to pick up customers at a busy intersection.	neutral
4561	Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.	The police cars are in front of the taxis.	entailment
4562	Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.	The taxis are being towed away.	contradiction
4563	Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.	The taxis are yellow.	neutral
4564	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two soccer players battle for the ball during a tie game.	neutral
4565	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two players battle over a turkey in an intense match.	contradiction
4566	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	There are players on the soccer field.	entailment
4567	Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.	Two teams are playing soccer on a grass field.	entailment
4568	Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.	Two hockey opponents run and fight for the puck on ice.	contradiction
4569	Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.	Two teams are playing soccor.	neutral
4570	Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.	Two young men are playing baseball.	contradiction
4571	Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.	Two young men are playing soccer.	entailment
4572	Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.	One man is about to score for his team.	neutral
4573	An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table	A man in a black jacket is near a table.	entailment
4574	An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table	A man in a jacket is standing outside near a table.	neutral
4575	An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table	A young girl in a bright shirt is looking at the sky.	contradiction
4576	Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.	People standing around a table.	neutral
4577	Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.	People around a table in an Asian country.	entailment
4578	Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.	People walking down a road.	contradiction
4579	A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.	A woman is watching football.	contradiction
4580	A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.	A guy is playing pool.	entailment
4581	A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.	A pool player is about to win the game.	neutral
4582	A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.	An old an sitting on a bench outside.	neutral
4583	A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.	A man running around the lake.	contradiction
4584	A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.	A person sitting down.	entailment
4585	A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	A sad man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	neutral
4586	A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	A woman sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes her look headless.	contradiction
4587	A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	A person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	entailment
4588	A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.	A man sits alone and hanged his head so low.	entailment
4589	A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.	A woman sits on her bed, crying.	contradiction
4590	A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.	An man sits alone, looking depressed.	neutral
4591	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a child playing at a playground.	entailment
4592	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is dark-skinned.	contradiction
4593	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A young boy rides a play horse at the playground	entailment
4594	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The cow is riding the boy.	contradiction
4595	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is at recess.	neutral
4596	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is on a bus on the highway.	contradiction
4597	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A boy rides a hrose.	entailment
4598	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A young boy rides a play horse at the playground outside his elementary school.	neutral
4599	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is pretending to be a jockey.	neutral
4600	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a child on a park plaything.	entailment
4601	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A grown man rides a horse down a beach.	contradiction
4602	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A boy rides a play horse.	entailment
4603	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The child is an expert at horse.	neutral
4604	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a young boy riding a blue and white play horse at a playground.	neutral
4605	A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a young girl riding a horse at a farm.	contradiction
4606	A man is tying his shoe lace.	A man is not wearing any footwear.	contradiction
4607	A man is tying his shoe lace.	A man is learning to tie his shoes.	neutral
4608	A man is tying his shoe lace.	A man is lacing up his shoes.	entailment
4609	Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.	Two people fighting.	entailment
4610	Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.	Two people practicing darts.	contradiction
4611	Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.	Two people playing for a competition.	neutral
4612	A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A swimmer in the middle of a swimming race.	contradiction
4613	A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A woman preparing for a swim competition.	contradiction
4614	A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A swimmer preparing for a swim competition.	entailment
4615	A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.	A cat is eating food.	contradiction
4616	A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.	A shirtless man is holding swim goggles.	entailment
4617	A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.	A shirtless man is about to go swimming.	neutral
4618	A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.	A male is holding goggles.	entailment
4619	A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.	A male is about to go swimming.	neutral
4620	A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
4621	A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.	The man in blue speedos has a fit body.	neutral
4622	A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.	The man in blue speedos is at a skating rink.	contradiction
4623	A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.	Black goggles are being held.	entailment
4624	People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.	people are by the monument	entailment
4625	People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.	people are taking pictures	neutral
4626	People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.	the people are in a conference call	contradiction
4627	A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.	A guy is playing pool.	entailment
4628	A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.	He is practicing for a tournament.	neutral
4629	A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.	A guy is bowling.	contradiction
4630	A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.	A boy is jumping rope.	contradiction
4631	A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.	A woman has just completed a work of art and is standing next to it.	neutral
4632	A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.	A woman is standing next to a work of art.	entailment
4633	Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.	two small children are playing football for their school team	neutral
4634	Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.	there are two children playing football.	entailment
4635	Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.	two small children are playing football in their white and gold uniforms	contradiction
4636	A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.	A man is walking up the steps.	entailment
4637	A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.	A man is walking up the steps to his home.	neutral
4638	A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.	A woman is walking down the steps.	contradiction
4639	A young child is carrying a paddle.	A child holding a paddle.	entailment
4640	A young child is carrying a paddle.	A child stealing a paddle.	neutral
4641	A young child is carrying a paddle.	A man launching a boat.	contradiction
4642	Man with camera and bag walking up stairs	A young man walking up the stairs to take a picture.	neutral
4643	Man with camera and bag walking up stairs	A person walking up stairs.	entailment
4644	Man with camera and bag walking up stairs	A man sitting on the stairs.	contradiction
4645	A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.	A man climbs stone steps of an ancient temple.	neutral
4646	A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.	A man climbs stone steps.	entailment
4647	A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.	A man falls to his death down stone steps.	contradiction
4648	A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.	The young child is wearing a red shirt and playing a game.	entailment
4649	A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.	The young child is about to be confirmed at this church.	contradiction
4650	A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.	The kids are playing a game and one with a red shirt is the goalie.	neutral
4651	A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.	a person is using a piece of equipment.	entailment
4652	A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.	a boy is sitting in a coffee shop.	contradiction
4653	A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.	a boy is playing sports.	neutral
4654	A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.	Adults are playing soccer.	contradiction
4655	A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.	The child is preparing to play.	neutral
4656	A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.	A child is in the cricket cage.	entailment
4657	A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park	The kid is playing basketball.	contradiction
4658	A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park	The kid playing Cricket is asian.	neutral
4659	A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park	The kid is playing Cricket.	entailment
4660	The baby in the crib is crying.	The baby is hungry.	neutral
4661	The baby in the crib is crying.	The baby smiling and laughing.	contradiction
4662	The baby in the crib is crying.	The baby crying in the crib.	entailment
4663	Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.	Two guys hanging in their room.	contradiction
4664	Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.	Two guys at the skate park.	neutral
4665	Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.	Two guys riding their skateboards outside.	entailment
4666	A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.	on of the boys is performing an ollie	neutral
4667	A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.	some boys are riding skateboards	entailment
4668	A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.	the boy is doing tricks on his bmx bike	contradiction
4669	A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A skateboarded ollied in the street.	entailment
4670	A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A skateboarder is doing tricks on a quiet street.	neutral
4671	A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A person is jumped his snowboard.	contradiction
4672	A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.	The man is walking.	contradiction
4673	A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.	A skateboarder doing tricks.	entailment
4674	A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.	A man rides a skateboard.	neutral
4675	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	The boy is outdoors.	entailment
4676	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	The skateboard is red.	neutral
4677	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	The boy does a trick on the ocean.	contradiction
4678	A band is performing on stage at a place of business.	The band is performing on the grass outside.	contradiction
4679	A band is performing on stage at a place of business.	The band members are performers.	entailment
4680	A band is performing on stage at a place of business.	The band are good performers.	neutral
4681	A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.	The rider is outdoors on a motorbike.	entailment
4682	A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.	The motorbike rider is sitting still on the sidewalk.	contradiction
4683	A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.	The man is speeding quickly to catch someone.	neutral
4684	Kids play in the snow while parents watch	Old men rolling around in the snow.	contradiction
4685	Kids play in the snow while parents watch	Humans playing in the snow.	entailment
4686	Kids play in the snow while parents watch	Parents making their kids play in the snow.	neutral
4687	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Three friends go ice fishing in January.	neutral
4688	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	People are getting a fishing boat ready for a day of fishing.	neutral
4689	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Three friends jump off the dock into the water.	contradiction
4690	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	People putting supplies on a boat.	neutral
4691	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The opening act to a rock concert.	contradiction
4692	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The people are inside a sauna.	contradiction
4693	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Three people are going ice fishing.	entailment
4694	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Out in the snow, a small group of fishermen get an ice fishing boat ready for use.	entailment
4695	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The people are holding their fishing poles.	neutral
4696	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	A group is outside in the snow.	entailment
4697	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	A group of people are sun tanning on the beach.	contradiction
4698	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The people are outside.	entailment
4699	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	A couple fishermen are fixing an ice fishing boat and getting it ready.	neutral
4700	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Two fishermen are sitting in a restaurant eating chicken.	contradiction
4701	Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	People preparing to go ice fishing.	entailment
4702	A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.	A boy is going downstairs.	contradiction
4703	A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.	A boy is going upstairs.	entailment
4704	A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.	A boy is going upstairs in a library.	neutral
4705	Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.	a boy slides down a spiral staircase	contradiction
4706	Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.	a boy walks up stairs	entailment
4707	Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.	a boy walks up steep stairs on his hands and knees	neutral
4708	Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.	The shirt is large.	neutral
4709	Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.	The shirt is red.	contradiction
4710	Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.	There is a boy.	entailment
4711	A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.	a boy is in the library	entailment
4712	A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.	the boy is swinging on a tire	contradiction
4713	A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.	the boy is there to study	neutral
4714	Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.	Three people are old.	neutral
4715	Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.	Three people are dressed in african garb.	entailment
4716	Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.	The three people are white.	contradiction
4717	A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.	Two dogs are on the grass.	entailment
4718	A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the sprinkler on a hot day.	neutral
4719	A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.	Two dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
4720	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog enjoys being sprayed with water.	neutral
4721	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	A dogs butt is being squirted with water.	contradiction
4722	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The pet remains dry after being hit from behind with a pail of water.	contradiction
4723	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is being squirted	entailment
4724	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	A child is squirting the dog with a water gun.	neutral
4725	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	He is drinking water.	contradiction
4726	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog with a light-colored coat its muzzle wet with a stream of water.	entailment
4727	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	He is outside	neutral
4728	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	Water is shooting in the white dog's face.	entailment
4729	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is white.	entailment
4730	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	A jet of water is squirting the dog.	entailment
4731	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The cat sips water in the yard.	contradiction
4732	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	the dog is inside	contradiction
4733	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is running	neutral
4734	The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is getting wet on a prominent area of its body.	neutral
4735	A wedding party outside of a building.	Nobody is outside	contradiction
4736	A wedding party outside of a building.	Tall humans outside	neutral
4737	A wedding party outside of a building.	Humans outside	entailment
4738	An wedding party poses for a picture.	Photograph in marriage ceremony	entailment
4739	An wedding party poses for a picture.	People takes photo in function	neutral
4740	An wedding party poses for a picture.	People gathered in office	contradiction
4741	A wedding party taking pictures.	Someone got married	entailment
4742	A wedding party taking pictures.	The wedding was outdoors	neutral
4743	A wedding party taking pictures.	They are at a funeral	contradiction
4744	A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.	Four people have a conversation at a table together.	entailment
4745	A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.	A lady and three men are talking to each other at a table.	neutral
4746	A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.	Four men hold a conversation together at the same table.	contradiction
4747	A group of people talking at tables.	The people are talking about sports.	neutral
4748	A group of people talking at tables.	The people are having a conversation.	entailment
4749	A group of people talking at tables.	The people are sitting silently.	contradiction
4750	There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.	a high level boardroom meeting at a major company takes place	neutral
4751	There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.	A meeting of people is taking place	entailment
4752	There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.	A group of people sit at a picnic table and eat lunch	contradiction
4753	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A man is playing basketball while people watch.	entailment
4754	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A hockey player gets the puck in the net.	contradiction
4755	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A man is playing basketball while people watch.	entailment
4756	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game.	neutral
4757	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A hockey player gets the puck in the net.	contradiction
4758	A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game.	neutral
4759	People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	People are throwing their clothes in the garbage.	contradiction
4760	People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	People are getting their clothes cleaned at the laundromat.	entailment
4761	A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.	There is an audience	entailment
4762	A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.	There is no audience	contradiction
4763	A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.	The audience is large	neutral
4764	Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.	Two men are at the supermarket.	contradiction
4765	Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.	Two men are married.	neutral
4766	Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.	Two men dropped off their clothes at a laundromat.	entailment
4767	A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.	He is assessing a dryer.	contradiction
4768	A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.	The man is going to do laundry.	entailment
4769	A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.	The man is wearing a necktie.	neutral
4770	Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.	Two men are adding bleach to the washing machines.	neutral
4771	Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.	Two women are driving to the store.	contradiction
4772	Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.	Two customers are doing laundry.	entailment
4773	A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.	A man hangs his clothes on a clothesline.	contradiction
4774	A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.	A man examining the inside of a washing machine.	entailment
4775	A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.	A patron looks for his laundry inside of a machine.	neutral
4776	A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.	A man is on top of a cliff.	entailment
4777	A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.	A man is getting ready to dive off a cliff.	neutral
4778	A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.	A man is standing on top of a building skyscraper.	contradiction
4779	Two young girls pick daffodils.	Two children plant flowers in a garden.	contradiction
4780	Two young girls pick daffodils.	Two little girls pick flowers from several different types of flower.	neutral
4781	Two young girls pick daffodils.	Two girls pick flowers outside.	entailment
4782	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man trying to find lost dog	neutral
4783	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man looking at water	entailment
4784	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man swimming to shore	contradiction
4785	A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A woman looks out over the ocean from a spot on the sandy beach.	contradiction
4786	A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A man stands on a stony cliff overlooking the ocaen, arms outstretched.	entailment
4787	A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A man climbed to the top of a rocky cliff by the sea.	entailment
4788	Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	Person standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	entailment
4789	Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	Woman standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	contradiction
4790	Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	Sad Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	neutral
4791	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man sleeping on his bunk bed.	contradiction
4792	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man standing outside.	entailment
4793	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man standing outside on a rainy day.	neutral
4794	a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.	The woman enjoys fishing.	neutral
4795	a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.	There is a woman in a black cap.	contradiction
4796	a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.	There is a woman in a red cap.	entailment
4797	A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A redhead looks at a man away from the camera	neutral
4798	A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A redhead looks away from the camera	entailment
4799	A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A blonde looks away from the camera	contradiction
4800	A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.	A girl in a red cap is fishing for trout.	neutral
4801	A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.	A boy is swimming in a lake.	contradiction
4802	A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.	A girl is fishing.	entailment
4803	A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.	Children are splashing in a lake.	contradiction
4804	A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.	A woman is fishing in a lake.	entailment
4805	A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.	A member of the Red Hat Society is in a boat fishing on a lake.	neutral
4806	The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.	The woman is brunette	contradiction
4807	The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.	A woman has red hair	entailment
4808	The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.	The women is beautiful	neutral
4809	A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.	Blonde washing her hair	contradiction
4810	A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.	Redhead wearing a headband	entailment
4811	A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.	Girl getting ready for movie shoot	neutral
4812	A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.	A woman with red hair looks past the cameraman.	entailment
4813	A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.	A lady looks past the cameraman.	neutral
4814	A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.	A cameraman looks at a man.	contradiction
4815	A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.	a guy	contradiction
4816	A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.	a person with hair and eyes	entailment
4817	A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.	a pretty girl	neutral
4818	A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.	People are cooking outdoors.	entailment
4819	A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.	The campers are going for a swim.	contradiction
4820	A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.	The campers are hungry to eat dinner.	neutral
4821	Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.	There is a group of people camping and cooking dinner.	entailment
4822	Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.	There are campers cooking steak over an open fire.	neutral
4823	Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.	There is a bear that started a fire in the woods.	contradiction
4824	A group of friends cook around a fire.	A group of people cook at a fire.	entailment
4825	A group of friends cook around a fire.	A group of people eating food.	contradiction
4826	A group of friends cook around a fire.	They are camping.	neutral
4827	4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal	The four people are sleeping in bed.	contradiction
4828	4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal	The group is a family with two children.	neutral
4829	4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal	The group is waiting for the food to be done.	entailment
4830	People cooking at a campsite.	workers are on a corporate retreat	neutral
4831	People cooking at a campsite.	people are eating at applebee's	contradiction
4832	People cooking at a campsite.	friends are out camping	entailment
4833	A large dog holding a smaller dog.	Two animals next to each other.	entailment
4834	A large dog holding a smaller dog.	2 cats are sleeping	contradiction
4835	A large dog holding a smaller dog.	The mother cuddles next to her puppy	neutral
4836	A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.	A woman walks in front a wall covered in papers.	entailment
4837	A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.	A woman stands in front of a wall covered in pictures.	contradiction
4838	A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.	A woman walks past a wall covered in advertisements for the local car wash.	neutral
4839	A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.	Some dogs are sleeping at the foot of the bed.	contradiction
4840	A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.	Two dogs are playing outside.	neutral
4841	A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.	A small dog is jumping.	entailment
4842	A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.	A dog is being bitten	entailment
4843	A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.	The dogs are in a pet store.	contradiction
4844	A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.	The larger dog is nipping at a smaller dog.	neutral
4845	A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.	Two dogs are playing.	neutral
4846	A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.	There are no dogs playing.	contradiction
4847	A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.	A small dog is jumping and playing with a larger dog.	entailment
4848	A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.	The dog is bringing the animal to safety.	neutral
4849	A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.	A dog has a ball in its mouth.	contradiction
4850	A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.	A dog has another animal in it's mouth.	entailment
4851	Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.	The dog is riding in the bed of a truck.	contradiction
4852	Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.	A canine is alongside a body of water.	entailment
4853	Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.	A dog is playing fetch on a beach.	neutral
4854	Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.	A bike rider rides through the outdoors	entailment
4855	Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.	A woman on a green bike goes through the grass	neutral
4856	Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.	Someone in an SUV rides through the street	contradiction
4857	Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.	It is night time.	neutral
4858	Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.	The balcony is empty.	contradiction
4859	Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.	People are talking on the balcony.	entailment
4860	A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.	A young girl plays outside.	entailment
4861	A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.	A boy plays inside.	contradiction
4862	A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.	The girl enjoys hula hooping.	neutral
4863	Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.	Woman in blue shirt standing on a boat in a lake.	contradiction
4864	Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.	Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed during a drought.	neutral
4865	Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.	Woman standing outdoors.	entailment
4866	A man and woman in a parking lot at night.	A man and a woman are looking for someone.	neutral
4867	A man and woman in a parking lot at night.	A man and a woman are walking in the park.	contradiction
4868	A man and woman in a parking lot at night.	A man and a woman are heading to their cars.	entailment
4869	A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.	A man stands next to his girlfriend and looks at his phone.	neutral
4870	A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.	Two people stand near a street at midday.	contradiction
4871	A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.	A man looks at his phone while standing over a blonde woman on a curb.	entailment
4872	There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.	There is a man asleep in the barber's door.	neutral
4873	There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.	There is a man asleep in the ocean.	contradiction
4874	There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.	There is a man asleep in a doorway.	entailment
4875	The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.	A woman is walking barefoot	contradiction
4876	The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.	A woman stops to tie her show and her husband is checking his phone.	entailment
4877	The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.	A woman trips over her shoelace and a man on his phone doesn't notice.	neutral
4878	A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.	A woman photographs a man in a parking lot.	contradiction
4879	A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.	A man takes pictures of a model in a parking lot.	entailment
4880	A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.	A photographers photographs a model for his portfolio.	neutral
4881	A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.	There is an infant in this picture	entailment
4882	A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.	The baby sees himself for the first time in the mirror	neutral
4883	A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.	the baby is at a comedy show	contradiction
4884	A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.	A woman just finished lacing up her shoes.	contradiction
4885	A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.	A woman is by a lake with her shoes next to her.	neutral
4886	A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.	A woman isn't wearing any shoes.	entailment
4887	Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.	The boys are inside the house.	contradiction
4888	Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.	The boys are playing soccer.	neutral
4889	Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.	The two boys are outside.	entailment
4890	the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building	There are shadows of people.	entailment
4891	the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building	A man gives a speech at a school.	contradiction
4892	the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building	Shadows of people fighting can be seen.	neutral
4893	A woman wearing a hat with making bread.	The head chef makes bread.	neutral
4894	A woman wearing a hat with making bread.	A woman is trying on hats.	contradiction
4895	A woman wearing a hat with making bread.	A woman is making bread.	entailment
4896	Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.	Cheerleaders practice on the field before their big day.	neutral
4897	Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.	A group of cheerleaders are on a field together.	entailment
4898	Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.	Cheerleaders sit on the sidelines as their team loses.	contradiction
4899	Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	Football players have made three people pyramids.	contradiction
4900	Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	Cheerleaders have made people pyramids.	entailment
4901	Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	Fit cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	neutral
4902	A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.	The skateboarder wears red shorts.	neutral
4903	A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.	The skateboarder is wearing a shirt.	contradiction
4904	A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.	A skateboarder is shirtless.	entailment
4905	A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.	The cheerleaders are all wearing the mascot suit.	contradiction
4906	A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.	The cheeleaders are wearing their red school colors.	entailment
4907	A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.	The cheerleaders are doing a practice routine.	neutral
4908	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	a boy smiles for the camera	neutral
4909	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	an angry child rides a horse	contradiction
4910	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	a child smiles for the camera	entailment
4911	Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	Small blond man with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	contradiction
4912	Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	Small sad child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	neutral
4913	Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	Small child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	entailment
4914	A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.	A young child is building a fort with boxes his family has discarded.	neutral
4915	A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.	A young child is building a blanket fortress.	contradiction
4916	A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.	A child is playing with a box.	entailment
4917	A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.	A bicyclist is riding down the road in biking gear.	neutral
4918	A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.	The bicyclist is fixing his bike.	contradiction
4919	A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.	A bicyclist is riding down the road.	entailment
4920	Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.	A boy rides a hobby horse.	contradiction
4921	Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.	A woman on a bike.	entailment
4922	Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.	A woman rider her bike to work.	neutral
4923	A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.	The man is holding a black pair of pants.	contradiction
4924	A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.	A man is holding the matching jacket to his suit.	neutral
4925	A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.	A man is holding something.	entailment
4926	A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.	The man hails a taxi in the country.	contradiction
4927	A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.	The man rides his bike through construction.	neutral
4928	A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.	A person rides a bike.	entailment
4929	A woman is riding a bike.	A woman is outside.	entailment
4930	A woman is riding a bike.	The woman is competing in a bicycle marathon.	neutral
4931	A woman is riding a bike.	The woman is enjoying some chocolate milk after a long work out.	contradiction
4932	A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.	An older couple sit and watch a young woman dance.	contradiction
4933	A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.	A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on, smiling.	neutral
4934	A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.	People attend a dance.	entailment
4935	White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.	Dog jumps over a princess.	contradiction
4936	White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.	Dog barely jumps over another lazy dog.	neutral
4937	White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.	Dog jumps over dog.	entailment
4938	Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.	Two people playing catch.	contradiction
4939	Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.	Two women sitting a bench outside.	neutral
4940	Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.	Two people talking while sitting.	entailment
4941	A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.	There is a group of people sitting	entailment
4942	A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.	There is a group of people sitting behind a sign in warm weather	neutral
4943	A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.	There is a group of people standing outdoors	contradiction
4944	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.	The large dog is beneath the small dog.	entailment
4945	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.	The dogs are baking cookies.	contradiction
4946	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.	The small dog is hungry.	neutral
4947	A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.	A man and a woman at a desk	entailment
4948	A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.	A man and a woman sitting on a bench reading books	contradiction
4949	A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.	A man and a woman working at a gallery to raise money for poor children	neutral
4950	Racedog has the number 8.	A racing dog has a number 8.	entailment
4951	Racedog has the number 8.	A race dog is number 9.	contradiction
4952	Racedog has the number 8.	A race dog has a number of about 8.	neutral
4953	A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
4954	A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.	The dog is fast.	neutral
4955	A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.	The dog is has a digit on itself.	entailment
4956	A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.	The greyhound is wearing the number seven.	contradiction
4957	A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.	The greyhound is extremely fast.	neutral
4958	A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.	The greyhound is running around a track.	entailment
4959	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A greyhound dog runs along a dirt track and chases the other greyhounds	neutral
4960	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A beagle is wearing a yellow and black shirt.	contradiction
4961	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is running after a fake rabbit.	neutral
4962	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A horse races around the track	contradiction
4963	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is a puppy laying on a couch	contradiction
4964	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A dog is running a race.	neutral
4965	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A race dog is competing	neutral
4966	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is an animal running outdoors	entailment
4967	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is sitting, waiting to be petted.	contradiction
4968	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is a cat on the racetrack	contradiction
4969	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is running.	entailment
4970	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is an animal	entailment
4971	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A dog is at a racetrack.	entailment
4972	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The racetrack is long	neutral
4973	A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	An animal is outside	entailment
4974	Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.	A gray dog is about to win a race.	neutral
4975	Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.	A gray dog is sleeping on the floor.	contradiction
4976	Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.	A dog is running a race.	entailment
4977	A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.	A man is watching a movie.	contradiction
4978	A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.	A man is getting an autograph at a book signing.	neutral
4979	A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.	A man is waiting in line.	neutral
4980	A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.	Male vendor stands behind his fruit stand at marketplace	neutral
4981	A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.	Man standing at a market	entailment
4982	A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.	Man sitting in office	contradiction
4983	A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.	A person does a stunt on his motorbike.	entailment
4984	A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.	A woman rides a unicycle in the parking lot.	contradiction
4985	A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.	A daredevil performs a stunt on his motorbike.	neutral
4986	A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt	A stuntman on a motorcycle	entailment
4987	A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt	a man crashes a car into a pole	contradiction
4988	A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt	a stuntman vaults from his motorcycle	neutral
4989	Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.	Motorcyle crashes into a pile of cars.	contradiction
4990	Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.	Motorcylist rides his bike.	entailment
4991	Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.	Motorcycle rider jumps a few cars.	neutral
4992	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The rider is straddling the motorcycle.	contradiction
4993	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The person is laying in his bedroom.	contradiction
4994	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	Someone is riding side saddled on a motor bike.	entailment
4995	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	Someone is parked in a car on the street	contradiction
4996	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The individual sat on a bench in the subway terminal.	contradiction
4997	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person is on a motorcycle.	entailment
4998	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The rider is getting ready to leap off the motorcycle.	neutral
4999	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A child is just learning to ride a motorcycle, and doesn't quite know how to mount.	neutral
5000	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	There is a person on a machine.	entailment
5001	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The person wanted to show off to the crowd of onlookers.	neutral
5002	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person is on a motorcycle.	entailment
5003	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A man rides a motorcycle sideways on the countryside	neutral
5004	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The birds in the tree are singing and eating worms.	contradiction
5005	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person on a motorcycle is ridding sideways	entailment
5006	Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A motorcycle rider is showing off.	neutral
5007	Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience.	The crowd applauded the young man for standing on one hand.	neutral
5008	Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience.	The young man played his guitar.	contradiction
5009	Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience.	The young adult stood on one hand during his performance.	entailment
5010	Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
5011	Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers.	a man is performing	entailment
5012	Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers.	the man is paid	neutral
5013	A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd.	A man performs tricks for a crowd.	entailment
5014	A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd.	A guy is practicing his stunts in his living room.	contradiction
5015	A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd.	A man is performing on a city sidewalk.	neutral
5016	A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand.	The man is reading a newspaper while seated at his desk.	contradiction
5017	A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand.	The man is performing at the circus.	neutral
5018	A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand.	The man has his hands on the ground.	entailment
5019	A woman with blond-hair, glasses, necklace, and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container.	A woman with brown hair is holding a frying pan.	contradiction
5020	A woman with blond-hair, glasses, necklace, and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container.	A woman arrives at a potluck and brings a container of her famous stew.	neutral
5021	A woman with blond-hair, glasses, necklace, and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container.	A blond woman in a floral dress is holding a container.	entailment
5022	A lady sitting on the edge of a dock reading a book and listening to music.	A woman is outdoors.	neutral
5023	A lady sitting on the edge of a dock reading a book and listening to music.	A woman is inside watching TV.	contradiction
5024	A lady sitting on the edge of a dock reading a book and listening to music.	A lady is outside reading and listening to music.	entailment
5025	A man is getting a book autographed.	The gentleman proffered his book for an autograph	entailment
5026	A man is getting a book autographed.	The man was buying diapers at the local Costco	contradiction
5027	A man is getting a book autographed.	The man wanted the famous author to sign his book	neutral
5028	A man with a beard and a woman in sunglasses are standing in front of a liquor store.	The children are in school.	contradiction
5029	A man with a beard and a woman in sunglasses are standing in front of a liquor store.	The man and women are standing.	entailment
5030	A man with a beard and a woman in sunglasses are standing in front of a liquor store.	The man and woman are buying beer.	neutral
5031	A man and woman stand on a one way road in front of a red stuccoed building.	Two people stand on a road by a building.	entailment
5032	A man and woman stand on a one way road in front of a red stuccoed building.	A man and woman standing on the sidewalk outside of the subway station.	contradiction
5033	A man and woman stand on a one way road in front of a red stuccoed building.	A married couple stand on the road outside of their farmhouse.	neutral
5034	Two people look toward the camera as they cross the street in front of a red building with a sign saying, "Royal."	Two men cross a street.	neutral
5035	Two people look toward the camera as they cross the street in front of a red building with a sign saying, "Royal."	Two sister relax by a pool.	contradiction
5036	Two people look toward the camera as they cross the street in front of a red building with a sign saying, "Royal."	A red building has a sign.	entailment
5037	A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.	A man and his sister cross the street to meet their parents.	neutral
5038	A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.	A man wearing a striped shirt and a woman wearing a polka dotted shirt cross the street.	contradiction
5039	A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.	Two people are walking on the street.	entailment
5040	Two guys and two girls are playing a casino game.	People are playing a game.	entailment
5041	Two guys and two girls are playing a casino game.	One guy and Twenty girls are shooting guns.	contradiction
5042	Two guys and two girls are playing a casino game.	Two guys and two girls are on a double date.	neutral
5043	A man and a woman look to their left near a liquor store.	A man and a woman sleeping in their bed	contradiction
5044	A man and a woman look to their left near a liquor store.	A man and a woman near a liquor store	entailment
5045	A man and a woman look to their left near a liquor store.	Husband and wife near a liquor store	neutral
5046	A man dressed as a pirate stands next to a man playing a saxophone as well as a man playing an accordion as viewers watch.	The men are a local comedy act at the new comedy club.	neutral
5047	A man dressed as a pirate stands next to a man playing a saxophone as well as a man playing an accordion as viewers watch.	There are three men in this picture	entailment
5048	A man dressed as a pirate stands next to a man playing a saxophone as well as a man playing an accordion as viewers watch.	The men are best friends trying to settle a bet of who is better at swimming.	contradiction
5049	A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.	A sax player plays for money on the street	neutral
5050	A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.	A sax player entertains people	entailment
5051	A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.	A drummer plays on the street	contradiction
5052	Man dressed as a Pirate listens with a crowd to a band playing.	man dressed as pirate	entailment
5053	Man dressed as a Pirate listens with a crowd to a band playing.	pirates put on a concert	neutral
5054	Man dressed as a Pirate listens with a crowd to a band playing.	girl cries loud	contradiction
5055	An eclectic group of musicians and actors perform for a group of tourists.	A monkey is eating a banana	contradiction
5056	An eclectic group of musicians and actors perform for a group of tourists.	The musicians and actors are improvising.	neutral
5057	An eclectic group of musicians and actors perform for a group of tourists.	Tourist are watching a performance	entailment
5058	Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street.	The street is long.	neutral
5059	Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street.	There are people.	entailment
5060	Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street.	The street has no people.	contradiction
5061	A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.	A man is on a billboard.	contradiction
5062	A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.	A woman is on an advertisement.	neutral
5063	A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.	A woman is on a billboard.	entailment
5064	A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A young man skateboarding.	entailment
5065	A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A young man does a trick on his skateboard for an audience.	neutral
5066	A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A young man diving into a pool.	contradiction
5067	Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.	Dogs race on the track.	entailment
5068	Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.	The dogs are racing for practice for a big competition coming up.	neutral
5069	Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.	Muzzled greyhouds are eating Kibbles 'N Bits out of a cereal bowl.	contradiction
5070	Dogs race each other on a muddy track.	The dogs are greyhounds	neutral
5071	Dogs race each other on a muddy track.	The track is muddy	entailment
5072	Dogs race each other on a muddy track.	The track is dry	contradiction
5073	Race dogs midair while they run.	Huskies are racing in the iditarod	neutral
5074	Race dogs midair while they run.	Fish are swimming in circles	contradiction
5075	Race dogs midair while they run.	Dogs are racing	entailment
5076	A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on.	A young man rides a skateboard.	entailment
5077	A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on.	The skateboarder performs for the judges.	neutral
5078	A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on.	The piano player finishes his piece of music.	contradiction
5079	A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk.	A man is riding a bike in a park.	contradiction
5080	A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk.	A skateboarder does a trick.	entailment
5081	A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk.	A skateboarder is grinding along a river walk.	neutral
5082	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The people are standing near a man doing an ollie.	entailment
5083	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man is skating.	entailment
5084	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The people in the park are watching the skateboarder.	neutral
5085	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is in the park.	entailment
5086	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	a man rides a skateboard	entailment
5087	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is riding his bike down the fast lane.	contradiction
5088	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	a man is asleep in front of a cozy fire	contradiction
5089	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man in a tux rides a cab.	contradiction
5090	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man is skateboarding near the park.	entailment
5091	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The skateboard is on the ground.	contradiction
5092	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	a man is a skilled skateboarder	neutral
5093	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man has never done this trick before.	neutral
5094	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man with ripped jeans skateboards.	neutral
5095	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is good with a skateboard.	neutral
5096	A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is sitting down on his skateboard.	contradiction
5097	A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.	a man in green	entailment
5098	A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.	the man is white	neutral
5099	A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.	the man is nude	contradiction
5100	Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train.	A little boy is watching a toy train	entailment
5101	Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train.	A little boy is playing catch	contradiction
5102	Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train.	A little boy is playing with a toy train	neutral
5103	A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman talking to her sister on the phone.	neutral
5104	A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman reading the newspaper.	contradiction
5105	A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman talking on the phone.	entailment
5106	Group of people pointing.	A group of people are pointing towards the commotion happening in the street.	neutral
5107	Group of people pointing.	A group of people are sitting down with their hands folded.	contradiction
5108	Group of people pointing.	A couple of people have their arm extended.	entailment
5109	Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field.	Two women dancing.	contradiction
5110	Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field.	Two women sitting on a rock.	entailment
5111	Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field.	Two women taking a break after running a mile.	neutral
5112	A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.	The boy is carrying his school books.	neutral
5113	A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.	The boy is wearing red shorts inside his classroom.	contradiction
5114	A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.	The boy is wearing an article of clothing.	entailment
5115	A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	The boy is afraid of skating.	contradiction
5116	A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	There's a kid skateboarding down the road.	neutral
5117	A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	The boy is playing at the skate park.	entailment
5118	Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city.	A group of people are outside sitting.	entailment
5119	Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city.	A group of people are talking about the weather.	neutral
5120	Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city.	A group of dogs are riding in a car.	contradiction
5121	Lots of people are sitting on blankets and lawn chairs in the grass.	There are lots of people sitting on a blanket to watch a movie.	neutral
5122	Lots of people are sitting on blankets and lawn chairs in the grass.	There are lots of people sitting on blankets.	entailment
5123	Lots of people are sitting on blankets and lawn chairs in the grass.	There is one person sitting on a blanket.	contradiction
5124	Young girl playing with streamers.	The girl is outside.	neutral
5125	Young girl playing with streamers.	A girl playing.	entailment
5126	Young girl playing with streamers.	There is a boy playing basketball.	contradiction
5127	The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.	The girl is twirling streamers.	entailment
5128	The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.	The boy is twilring streamers.	contradiction
5129	The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.	The girl is twirling rainbow streamers.	neutral
5130	The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.	A boy playing with a ribbon	contradiction
5131	The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.	A girl practicing	neutral
5132	The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.	A girl playing with a ribbon	entailment
5133	a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.	A girl puts on a show for her family.	neutral
5134	a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.	A girl in a pink top spins a ribbon.	entailment
5135	a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.	A boy in a blue shirt spins.	contradiction
5136	A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.	The girl has a red shirt.	contradiction
5137	A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.	A girl has a pink shirt.	entailment
5138	A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.	The girl is blonde.	neutral
5139	A skier flies through the air.	a snowboarder is watching the sights	contradiction
5140	A skier flies through the air.	a skier is out of control tumbling through the air	neutral
5141	A skier flies through the air.	a skier has left the ground and is airborne	entailment
5142	A man in skiing gear is airborne.	A naked man is airborne.	contradiction
5143	A man in skiing gear is airborne.	A man in skiing gear.	entailment
5144	A man in skiing gear is airborne.	A man is jumping while on his skis.	neutral
5145	A skier is airborne in front of some trees.	Someone is skiing.	entailment
5146	A skier is airborne in front of some trees.	The skier is near the end of his run.	neutral
5147	A skier is airborne in front of some trees.	Two men play basketball.	contradiction
5148	A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.	The skier is sitting on the bench.	contradiction
5149	A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.	The skier will sky to the lodge to get hot chocolate.	neutral
5150	A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.	The skier is dressed warm for the winter conditions.	entailment
5151	A woman sitting on concrete reading a book barefoot.	A young woman sitting while reading.	neutral
5152	A woman sitting on concrete reading a book barefoot.	A person reading.	entailment
5153	A woman sitting on concrete reading a book barefoot.	A little boy playing on a jungle gym.	contradiction
5154	A man is skiing in midair.	A man is yelling out in midair.	neutral
5155	A man is skiing in midair.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
5156	A man is skiing in midair.	A man is parachuting in midair.	contradiction
5157	A black dog and a brown dog close together.	Two dogs playing together.	neutral
5158	A black dog and a brown dog close together.	Two dogs.	entailment
5159	A black dog and a brown dog close together.	Two cats sleeping.	contradiction
5160	One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting.	two dogs were together	entailment
5161	One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting.	the dogs are playing with a toy	neutral
5162	One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting.	one dog sat alone	contradiction
5163	Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.	Two dogs are facing each other.	entailment
5164	Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.	Two dogs are chasing a cat.	contradiction
5165	Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.	Two dogs are fighting.	neutral
5166	A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.	Two dogs are outdoors.	entailment
5167	A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.	A human is walking two dogs.	neutral
5168	A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.	The two dogs are walking down a city street.	contradiction
5169	A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.	A woman plays on a giant black-and-red checkerboard.	entailment
5170	A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.	A kid plays speed checkers with his buddy on a tiny magnetic checkerboard.	contradiction
5171	A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.	A woman musician plays her guitar while strolling along a giant black-and-red checkerboard floor.	neutral
5172	A woman plays an extra large game of checkers.	A woman plays an extra large game of chess.	contradiction
5173	A woman plays an extra large game of checkers.	A woman is playing a board game.	entailment
5174	A woman plays an extra large game of checkers.	The woman won a contest to have a chance to play a blown up in size game of checker.s	neutral
5175	A person is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water.	Someone is playing a game outdoors.	entailment
5176	A person is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water.	A person is standing watching boats with binoculars.	contradiction
5177	A person is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water.	A person wearing a baseball cap is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water	neutral
5178	Someone placing pieces on a large checkerboard.	A man is dealing cards.	contradiction
5179	Someone placing pieces on a large checkerboard.	The winner is setting up the next game of checkers.	neutral
5180	Someone placing pieces on a large checkerboard.	There is a checkers game.	entailment
5181	The little boy is looking at a train set.	train set is excited game for kids	neutral
5182	The little boy is looking at a train set.	the boy is playing with it	contradiction
5183	The little boy is looking at a train set.	the boy is thinking pf train set	entailment
5184	A blond woman practices belly dancing in outfit.	A woman is laying in the sun.	contradiction
5185	A blond woman practices belly dancing in outfit.	A woman is dancing for an audience for money.	neutral
5186	A blond woman practices belly dancing in outfit.	A woman is wearing clothes and moving around.	entailment
5187	A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling with leg pointing back.	entailment
5188	A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling drinks a soda.	contradiction
5189	A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling with one of her legs pointing back.	entailment
5190	A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.	A dancer poses.	entailment
5191	A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.	A gorilla dressed as a belly dancer overturns a table.	contradiction
5192	A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.	A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands in a pose before dancing.	neutral
5193	A blond woman in a decorated matching red skirt and top is standing in a field.	There is a women outdoors	entailment
5194	A blond woman in a decorated matching red skirt and top is standing in a field.	There is a women outdoors playing sports	neutral
5195	A blond woman in a decorated matching red skirt and top is standing in a field.	There is a women outdoors running outdoors.	contradiction
5196	A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape.	A basketball player makes a shot.	contradiction
5197	A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape.	A dancer performs onstage for a crowd.	neutral
5198	A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape.	A dancer is in a posed position.	entailment
5199	A woman dressed in a red costume belly dances among spectators.	A woman belly dances for her job.	neutral
5200	A woman dressed in a red costume belly dances among spectators.	A woman belly dances.	entailment
5201	A woman dressed in a red costume belly dances among spectators.	A man belly dances.	contradiction
5202	A youngster plays with a toy.	toys played some person	neutral
5203	A youngster plays with a toy.	youths plays with toys	entailment
5204	A youngster plays with a toy.	person walking on beach	contradiction
5205	A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.	A person is sleep.	neutral
5206	A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.	A person is wearing a blue hat.	contradiction
5207	A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.	A person is wearing a green hat.	entailment
5208	A boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets.	A boy plays with his toy car.	contradiction
5209	A boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets.	A boy plays with a toy gun.	entailment
5210	A boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets.	A boy plays cops and robbers with his friends.	neutral
5211	A smiling young boy loads a foam gun with darts.	A smiling young boy playing with a toy gun.	entailment
5212	A smiling young boy loads a foam gun with darts.	A smiling young boy loads a pellet gun.	contradiction
5213	A smiling young boy loads a foam gun with darts.	A smiling young boy playing with his new birthday present.	neutral
5214	A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark.	A young man plays with a toy in the dark.	entailment
5215	A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark.	A young man plays his violin at the school play.	contradiction
5216	A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark.	A young black man plays with a toy in the dark.	neutral
5217	A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.	A little boy in black plays with a toy gun.	entailment
5218	A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.	a little boy in red plays with a dog.	contradiction
5219	A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.	A little boy is playing with his present.	neutral
5220	A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.	A bunch of parents and their children look at some shorn sheep	neutral
5221	A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.	A crowd of people stand around some farm animals	entailment
5222	A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.	A lone teenager tends to a few sheep	contradiction
5223	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky.	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field .	neutral
5224	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky.	A group of people running in the snow.	contradiction
5225	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky.	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep .	entailment
5226	Three kids and there parents tending to their pack of sheep.	The kids and the parents care for their herd of sheep.	entailment
5227	Three kids and there parents tending to their pack of sheep.	The kids are walking the dogs.	contradiction
5228	Three kids and there parents tending to their pack of sheep.	The kids are learning from the parents.	neutral
5229	Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.	The family works the sheep farm in Australia.	neutral
5230	Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.	A man pets a horse.	contradiction
5231	Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.	Five people tend sheep.	entailment
5232	There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	a group of people around sheep	entailment
5233	There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	a group of older people around sheep	neutral
5234	There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	one person around sheep	contradiction
5235	A man in a beret looks out the window of a vehicle.	The man isn't wearing a hat	contradiction
5236	A man in a beret looks out the window of a vehicle.	The man is a soldier	neutral
5237	A man in a beret looks out the window of a vehicle.	A man is wearing a beret	entailment
5238	A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.	A lad fires a weapon.	entailment
5239	A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.	Two men shoot a tyrant in the head with precision and accuracy.	contradiction
5240	A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.	A boy aims at a target.	neutral
5241	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	The conductor of a train is seated comfortable while a man in a carriage steps off the train.	contradiction
5242	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People watch a train go by.	contradiction
5243	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	The conductor is making sure the train is on the right track.	neutral
5244	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	There are two people on a train looking at different things.	entailment
5245	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People are on a train.	entailment
5246	A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People run a train.	entailment
5247	a man with a conductors hat sticks his head out the window and leans on the windowsill of the train.	A dog sticks his head out the window of a car.	contradiction
5248	a man with a conductors hat sticks his head out the window and leans on the windowsill of the train.	A man sticks his head out of the window.	neutral
5249	a man with a conductors hat sticks his head out the window and leans on the windowsill of the train.	A man with a hat is on a train.	entailment
5250	A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges.	The conductor is looking outside.	entailment
5251	A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges.	The conductor is looking out the window at the train.	neutral
5252	A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges.	The conductor is looking at a manual.	contradiction
5253	Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.	The man is the copilot of the airplane.	contradiction
5254	Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.	The man is on a train.	entailment
5255	Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.	The man is the train conductor.	neutral
5256	A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches	The little boy makes his family proud.	entailment
5257	A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches	A boy scores a goal playing soccer with his sister.	contradiction
5258	A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches	A little boy hits a home run as his mom and dad cheer!	neutral
5259	Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.	the woman grades a paper	contradiction
5260	Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.	the boy is trying out for the baseball team	neutral
5261	Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.	The boy is swinging a bat	entailment
5262	A little boy batting with a red helmet on.	boy is reading story book in library	contradiction
5263	A little boy batting with a red helmet on.	a little boy batting wearing red helmet	entailment
5264	A little boy batting with a red helmet on.	a little school boy from California is batting	neutral
5265	A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing baseball.	neutral
5266	A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing volleyball.	contradiction
5267	A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing a game.	entailment
5268	A woman in an SUV looks to be crying as a fatherly figure places his hand on her cheek for reassurance.	The man is reassuring the crying woman.	entailment
5269	A woman in an SUV looks to be crying as a fatherly figure places his hand on her cheek for reassurance.	The woman just got into a car accident.	neutral
5270	A woman in an SUV looks to be crying as a fatherly figure places his hand on her cheek for reassurance.	The woman is playing in the park with her children.	contradiction
5271	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	the lady is his wife	neutral
5272	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A young lady is crying because she saw a dog get hit by a car.	neutral
5273	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is crying	entailment
5274	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The woman is laughing.	contradiction
5275	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is comforted	entailment
5276	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The lady is happy.	contradiction
5277	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The woman is at a funeral.	neutral
5278	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	the lady is asleep at work	contradiction
5279	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A woman is crying.	entailment
5280	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The woman has tears in her eyes.	entailment
5281	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A young lady is crying.	entailment
5282	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The man is comforting his wife.	neutral
5283	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A young lady didn't see anything at all.	contradiction
5284	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady just found out her dog died	neutral
5285	A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is alone and happy while watching a movie	contradiction
5286	A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck.	A man comforts a crying woman.	entailment
5287	A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck.	A man comforts his girlfriend.	neutral
5288	A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck.	A woman comforts a crying man.	contradiction
5289	A man in a blue and white shirt shows concern for a girl in a suv.	Humans are interacting	entailment
5290	A man in a blue and white shirt shows concern for a girl in a suv.	A man running on the ground	contradiction
5291	A man in a blue and white shirt shows concern for a girl in a suv.	A man shows something to a woman	neutral
5292	An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.	The man is indoors.	contradiction
5293	An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.	The man is in the park.	neutral
5294	An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.	An older man is outside.	entailment
5295	four men are on stage performing music.	The men are making noise.	entailment
5296	four men are on stage performing music.	The men are a barbershop quartet.	neutral
5297	four men are on stage performing music.	The men are silently praying in the church.	contradiction
5298	Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	lion eats bird	contradiction
5299	Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	couple near big building	contradiction
5300	Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	couple covered in shadows	entailment
5301	A man and woman standing under a covered patio with the sun beaming through the trellis slats.	Two people are standing in the sun on their newly constructed patio.	neutral
5302	A man and woman standing under a covered patio with the sun beaming through the trellis slats.	Two people are standing.	entailment
5303	A man and woman standing under a covered patio with the sun beaming through the trellis slats.	Two people are dancing in the snow.	contradiction
5304	Two elderly people in a dimly lit area.	Two elderly people are in a dark alley.	neutral
5305	Two elderly people in a dimly lit area.	Two elderly people are hit with spotlights.	contradiction
5306	Two elderly people in a dimly lit area.	Elderly people are in a dark area.	entailment
5307	An older man wearing a vest looking into a dumpster.	An old man is looking into a dumpster.	entailment
5308	An older man wearing a vest looking into a dumpster.	The old man accidentally dropped his wallet in the dumpster.	neutral
5309	An older man wearing a vest looking into a dumpster.	The old man is sitting at a table reading a book.	contradiction
5310	Young boy holding a baby in a run-down area.	The boy has the baby.	entailment
5311	Young boy holding a baby in a run-down area.	The boy is holding a dog.	contradiction
5312	Young boy holding a baby in a run-down area.	The boy is holding his sibling.	neutral
5313	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	One adult is hurt because of the ride they took.	neutral
5314	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are playing basketball.	contradiction
5315	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a rodeo.	entailment
5316	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	One is trying to fix his arm injury so they can co on another ride	neutral
5317	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	A young adult helps another after he is injured by a bull at a rodeo.	neutral
5318	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	a rodeo is a safe place for all occupants	contradiction
5319	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	the one mending the arm is a trained medic	neutral
5320	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a horse event.	entailment
5321	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	there are people at the rodeo	entailment
5322	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults want to ride horses.	neutral
5323	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a waterpark	contradiction
5324	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	A bull escapes from the rodeo.	contradiction
5325	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	A young adult helps another after an injury at a rodeo.	entailment
5326	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two aduts are at a rodeo.	entailment
5327	Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	The bull is jumping into the crowd at a rodeo.	contradiction
5328	A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.	a cowboy is going to milk the cows	contradiction
5329	A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.	a cowboy has a bandage on his arm	entailment
5330	A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.	a cowboy hurt his arm shooting a gun	neutral
5331	A young woman is drilling holes in a rock with an impact drill	Daffy Duck is a pasta chef.	contradiction
5332	A young woman is drilling holes in a rock with an impact drill	The rock is hard.	neutral
5333	A young woman is drilling holes in a rock with an impact drill	A woman drills rock.	entailment
5334	A young boy holds a small, dirty girl on his lap while wrapping her in his jacket.	The little girl is the boys sister.	neutral
5335	A young boy holds a small, dirty girl on his lap while wrapping her in his jacket.	The little boy is taking care of the young girl.	entailment
5336	A young boy holds a small, dirty girl on his lap while wrapping her in his jacket.	The little boy is giving the little girl a bubble bath.	contradiction
5337	Two small children in poor conditions trying to survive the elements.	The childreen are poor.	entailment
5338	Two small children in poor conditions trying to survive the elements.	The children are wealthy.	contradiction
5339	Two small children in poor conditions trying to survive the elements.	The children are siblings.	neutral
5340	A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught.	A young boy holds a crying baby that needs a diaper change.	neutral
5341	A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught.	A young boy holds a crying baby.	entailment
5342	A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught.	A young boy sits next to a crying baby.	contradiction
5343	A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.	There is a brother and sister pair.	contradiction
5344	A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.	There are two brothers.	entailment
5345	A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.	It is winter.	neutral
5346	An old man wit a straw hat and umbrella is smiling while sitting and watching something in the distance.	The hat is dirty.	neutral
5347	An old man wit a straw hat and umbrella is smiling while sitting and watching something in the distance.	The hat is made out of clay.	contradiction
5348	An old man wit a straw hat and umbrella is smiling while sitting and watching something in the distance.	There is a straw hat.	entailment
5349	Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team.	The cheerleaders show their team support.	entailment
5350	Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team.	The cheerleaders are taking a break.	contradiction
5351	Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team.	One of the cheerleaders is male.	neutral
5352	A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand.	The little kid with a red shirt and yellow letters, stood on a foot stool to reach both his hands into the dirty water in the sink.	contradiction
5353	A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand.	Trying to get the attention of his parents, the little red-shirted imp continued to dig handfuls of sand out of the yellow bucket and hurl them at the people lying on the beach.	neutral
5354	A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand.	The young boy in the red shirt had his finger touching the sand filled yellow pail.	entailment
5355	A bride and her groom embracing.	The two people just got married.	neutral
5356	A bride and her groom embracing.	The two people are swimming.	contradiction
5357	A bride and her groom embracing.	The bride and groom holding eachother.	entailment
5358	Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.	Four children are outside in the snow.	entailment
5359	Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.	It is summertime and warm outside.	contradiction
5360	Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.	The children are going sledding.	neutral
5361	Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.	Four children climb up an Icy palace in the Norwegian countryside	contradiction
5362	Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.	Four children are climbing in the snow of a covered hill	neutral
5363	Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.	Four children are climbing on a snowy hill	entailment
5364	Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.	kids are climbing a hill covered with snow while on school vacation	neutral
5365	Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.	kids are climbing a hill covered with snow	entailment
5366	Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.	kids playing in the sand	contradiction
5367	A woman wearing a white gown and a man wearing a gray suit embracing.	A bride is hugging her groom.	neutral
5368	A woman wearing a white gown and a man wearing a gray suit embracing.	A woman is wearing a white gown.	entailment
5369	A woman wearing a white gown and a man wearing a gray suit embracing.	A dog is eating.	contradiction
5370	A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.	Newlyweds have their photo taken.	neutral
5371	A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.	A man and woman are outside.	entailment
5372	A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.	The bride is walking down the aisle to greet her groom.	contradiction
5373	A bride and groom are standing in front of a fence.	The bride has blonde hair.	neutral
5374	A bride and groom are standing in front of a fence.	The bride and groom are dancing in the hotel.	contradiction
5375	A bride and groom are standing in front of a fence.	A bride and groom stand near a fence.	entailment
5376	A man crosses a busy city street.	A man almost gets hit by a car.	neutral
5377	A man crosses a busy city street.	A man runs across a road without paying attention to traffic.	contradiction
5378	A man crosses a busy city street.	A man makes his way through traffic, no foot.	entailment
5379	A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.	A man wearing a uniform walks through a busy street.	neutral
5380	A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.	A man walks outside.	entailment
5381	A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.	A woman walks across the street.	contradiction
5382	A man walks across a road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	A woman walks across a road with her tie flipped over his shoulder.	contradiction
5383	A man walks across a road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	A man walks across a busy road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	neutral
5384	A man walks across a road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	A man walks across a street with his tie blowing in the wind	entailment
5385	An older man in a nice dress shirt with a tie over his shoulder, walking across a street in downtown.	A man is sitting in a cafe down town.	contradiction
5386	An older man in a nice dress shirt with a tie over his shoulder, walking across a street in downtown.	A man is walking across a street downtown to get to his favorite shop.	neutral
5387	An older man in a nice dress shirt with a tie over his shoulder, walking across a street in downtown.	A man is walking across a street downtown.	entailment
5388	Two women with colorful hats sit in a field.	The women are friends.	neutral
5389	Two women with colorful hats sit in a field.	Two women are sitting.	entailment
5390	Two women with colorful hats sit in a field.	The women are standing.	contradiction
5391	A man in a suit is holding a frying pan.	There is a man cooking.	entailment
5392	A man in a suit is holding a frying pan.	The man is cooking before work.	neutral
5393	A man in a suit is holding a frying pan.	The man is juggling.	contradiction
5394	A well dressed man holds a skillet in public.	The man is cooking on the street.	neutral
5395	A well dressed man holds a skillet in public.	A man dresses well.	entailment
5396	A well dressed man holds a skillet in public.	The man is getting on a plane.	contradiction
5397	A man in a gray suit and purple tie is flipping a pancake in the middle of a sidewalk.	The person is flipping food.	entailment
5398	A man in a gray suit and purple tie is flipping a pancake in the middle of a sidewalk.	The person works for IHOP.	neutral
5399	A man in a gray suit and purple tie is flipping a pancake in the middle of a sidewalk.	The person is wearing a yellow suit.	contradiction
5400	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A pancake seller is flipping pancakes for customers.	neutral
5401	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man hasn't flipped pancakes for years, and is surprised he can still do it.	neutral
5402	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is in his kitchen, frying eggs on the stove.	contradiction
5403	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is cooking breakfast for others in his neighborhood.	neutral
5404	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is going to work.	neutral
5405	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	a guy is painting a house	contradiction
5406	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is flipping a pancake.	entailment
5407	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A black haired male stands on the street flipping a pankcake.	entailment
5408	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is dressed nicely.	entailment
5409	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is pouring pancake batter all over his naked body.	contradiction
5410	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	a guy is cooking pancakes for his family	neutral
5411	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is cooking pancakes in his driveway.	entailment
5412	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is cooking in his kitchen while his kids watch.	contradiction
5413	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	a guy is cooking pancakes by his garage	entailment
5414	A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	THe dark haired man is chasing lions off his lawn.	contradiction
5415	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A well dressed man is standing in front of a garage door.	entailment
5416	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man stands in front of a garage waiting for it to be open.	neutral
5417	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is running a marathon.	contradiction
5418	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	The gentleman is happily standing on the sidewalk.	neutral
5419	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A woman is cooking in the kitchen.	contradiction
5420	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is holding a frying pan.	entailment
5421	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	The man is at church.	contradiction
5422	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	This is a woman wearing a red jacket standing in front of a garage door.	contradiction
5423	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is holding a boombox	contradiction
5424	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A well dressed man is looking through items at a garage sale and is buying a frying pan.	neutral
5425	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is about to cook breakfast.	neutral
5426	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is trying to get the attention of people in a garage.	neutral
5427	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is standing outside.	entailment
5428	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	The gentleman is standing in front of a garage door.	entailment
5429	This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man stands in front of a garage.	entailment
5430	A young man and woman interact with an elderly woman in a wheelchair.	A man and women are talking to an elderly women about life	neutral
5431	A young man and woman interact with an elderly woman in a wheelchair.	A man and women are talking to an elderly women	entailment
5432	A young man and woman interact with an elderly woman in a wheelchair.	A man and women are not talking to an elderly women	contradiction
5433	Two teenagers interacting with the elder population.	Some kids and old people.	entailment
5434	Two teenagers interacting with the elder population.	Some kids read to old people.	neutral
5435	Two teenagers interacting with the elder population.	Some middle aged people sit alone.	contradiction
5436	A man wearing a dark shirt and a girl wearing a dark tank top are standing next to an elderly lady seated in a wheelchair.	A family is spending the day together	neutral
5437	A man wearing a dark shirt and a girl wearing a dark tank top are standing next to an elderly lady seated in a wheelchair.	A man is wearing a light shirt	contradiction
5438	A man wearing a dark shirt and a girl wearing a dark tank top are standing next to an elderly lady seated in a wheelchair.	A man is wearing a dark shirt	entailment
5439	2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.	Some people are sitting while others are standing	entailment
5440	2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.	At the elementary school the people were waiting for lunch	contradiction
5441	2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.	The people in the wheelchairs were waiting for the entertainers to being	neutral
5442	A heavyset man is standing next to a building.	The man is overweight.	entailment
5443	A heavyset man is standing next to a building.	The man is skinny.	contradiction
5444	A heavyset man is standing next to a building.	The man works in the building.	neutral
5445	A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables.	The man is an electrican.	neutral
5446	A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables.	The man is near the other man.	entailment
5447	A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables.	The man is praying in the church.	contradiction
5448	a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.	A dog stands with a toy in its mouth.	entailment
5449	a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.	A dog is taking a nap.	contradiction
5450	a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.	A dog stands with its favorite toy in its mouth.	neutral
5451	A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a chocolate cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	neutral
5452	A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	A person has a cake.	entailment
5453	A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	A man is baking a cake for his customer at the bakery.	contradiction
5454	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	There is a person next to a cake	entailment
5455	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
5456	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A great man preparing	neutral
5457	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man watches the sunset on the beach	contradiction
5458	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man is celebrating the day of his birth.	entailment
5459	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Man wearing a big birthday hat stands next to his birthday cake	neutral
5460	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Man blows out cake candles	entailment
5461	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	It's a woman's birthday.	contradiction
5462	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	It's a man's birthday.	entailment
5463	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Woman blows out cake candles	contradiction
5464	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man is getting ready to eat some cake.	neutral
5465	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	People are singing happy birthday.	neutral
5466	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A person preparing	entailment
5467	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A bird is drinking old milk from a pond.	contradiction
5468	Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Man just celebrated his birthday	neutral
5469	Two men are sitting at a table in front of decorated birthday cake with rosebuds, candles, and a large light.	There is a birthday cake on the table.	entailment
5470	Two men are sitting at a table in front of decorated birthday cake with rosebuds, candles, and a large light.	The men are standing in the kitchen.	contradiction
5471	Two men are sitting at a table in front of decorated birthday cake with rosebuds, candles, and a large light.	The birthday cake says "Happy 40th Birthday!"	neutral
5472	A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.	A set of conjoined twins celebrate their birthday in complete darkness.	contradiction
5473	A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.	A decorated cake emits light.	entailment
5474	A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.	A set of twins celebrate their birthday.	neutral
5475	An elderly man enjoys the view under an umbrella to prevent the sun rays.	The man is tired	neutral
5476	An elderly man enjoys the view under an umbrella to prevent the sun rays.	The man is angry	contradiction
5477	An elderly man enjoys the view under an umbrella to prevent the sun rays.	A man has an umbrella	entailment
5478	The man has a cake decorated with indoor fireworks.	The man hopes to surprise people with the fireworks.	neutral
5479	The man has a cake decorated with indoor fireworks.	The man has put fireworks in a decorated cake.	entailment
5480	The man has a cake decorated with indoor fireworks.	The cake was very delicious.	contradiction
5481	A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.	There is a long line at a tent	entailment
5482	A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.	There is nobody in line	contradiction
5483	A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.	The tent is at a concert	neutral
5484	A crowd is gathered behind the fence near a blue tent.	group of people sitting beside a campfire	contradiction
5485	A crowd is gathered behind the fence near a blue tent.	people gathered beside a blue tent	entailment
5486	A crowd is gathered behind the fence near a blue tent.	group of people meeting behind the fence	neutral
5487	A crowd of people are in front of a tent that is closed.	The media is waiting outside the medical tent for updates.	neutral
5488	A crowd of people are in front of a tent that is closed.	Mice are running away from the cat.	contradiction
5489	A crowd of people are in front of a tent that is closed.	People are waiting.	neutral
5490	A line of people is forming in front of a tent that appears to be closed to the public.	People standing in line waiting to enter the circus in the orange tent.	neutral
5491	A line of people is forming in front of a tent that appears to be closed to the public.	People are standing in line.	entailment
5492	A line of people is forming in front of a tent that appears to be closed to the public.	People are sitting in a circle.	contradiction
5493	a group of people, restrained by fencing, wait at the entrance to a tent; there are signs at the entrance that read' tent closed'.	Some people are getting ready to go swimming.	contradiction
5494	a group of people, restrained by fencing, wait at the entrance to a tent; there are signs at the entrance that read' tent closed'.	Some people are trying to get into a tent for medical supplies.	neutral
5495	a group of people, restrained by fencing, wait at the entrance to a tent; there are signs at the entrance that read' tent closed'.	Some people are behind a fence.	entailment
5496	The woman in the green skirt is walking a path through the park.	The woman walks through a crowded park.	neutral
5497	The woman in the green skirt is walking a path through the park.	The woman walks through the park.	entailment
5498	The woman in the green skirt is walking a path through the park.	The woman walks through the zoo.	contradiction
5499	A woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk.	Woman with empty hands lays down on the sidewalk.	contradiction
5500	A woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk.	Person walks down a sidewalk.	entailment
5501	A woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk.	Woman with bag filled with clothes walks down a sidewalk.	neutral
5502	a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk.	a woman outside	entailment
5503	a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk.	a woman walking to church	neutral
5504	a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk.	a man walking a dog	contradiction
5505	A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.	A grown woman carries a scooter.	contradiction
5506	A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.	A girl carries a pink purse on her travels.	neutral
5507	A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.	A young female carries a bag with her as she walks.	entailment
5508	Woman walking down a sidewalk.	A person is on the sidewalk.	entailment
5509	Woman walking down a sidewalk.	The woman is walking to have lunch with friends.	neutral
5510	Woman walking down a sidewalk.	A woman is doing yoga in the park.	contradiction
5511	A father or family friend playing with baby in a very clean looking house.	The male is wearing a hat.	neutral
5512	A father or family friend playing with baby in a very clean looking house.	The house is dirty looking.	contradiction
5513	A father or family friend playing with baby in a very clean looking house.	The male is inside the house.	entailment
5514	A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.	man practices for circus	neutral
5515	A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.	man juggles	entailment
5516	A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.	woman throws dart	contradiction
5517	A man is juggling 3 balls with a black t-shirt on with the word "love" on the collar.	A man juggles three heavy balls.	neutral
5518	A man is juggling 3 balls with a black t-shirt on with the word "love" on the collar.	A lady juggles five bowling pins.	contradiction
5519	A man is juggling 3 balls with a black t-shirt on with the word "love" on the collar.	A man juggles three balls.	entailment
5520	An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.	The boy is catching a ball with both hands.	contradiction
5521	An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.	The African American boy is holding up a body part.	entailment
5522	An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.	The boy is scared.	neutral
5523	A young man wearing a beanie and a black shirt juggles neon green balls.	A woman is home watching television.	contradiction
5524	A young man wearing a beanie and a black shirt juggles neon green balls.	A man wearing has a juggling act.	entailment
5525	A young man wearing a beanie and a black shirt juggles neon green balls.	A man is  juggling balls to n stay.	neutral
5526	One handsome looking man is juggling three green balls.	A tall, muscular man is performing a show at a circus.	neutral
5527	One handsome looking man is juggling three green balls.	An attractive man has three balls.	entailment
5528	One handsome looking man is juggling three green balls.	A woman is in possession of three balls.	contradiction
5529	A black man is on a bridge.	A man is elevated over water.	entailment
5530	A black man is on a bridge.	The man is playing bridge with his neighbors.	contradiction
5531	A black man is on a bridge.	The man is part of a crew performing bridge maintenance.	neutral
5532	The six children are laughing.	The children are happy.	neutral
5533	The six children are laughing.	Seven children laugh.	contradiction
5534	The six children are laughing.	Six children laugh.	entailment
5535	Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area.	A woman and a baby play at a park.	contradiction
5536	Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area.	The woman and baby are inside.	entailment
5537	Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area.	A woman plays with a baby girl.	neutral
5538	a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.	A group of young students are waiting for the bathroom	neutral
5539	a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.	A group of adults are standing outside a bar	contradiction
5540	a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.	A group of children are leaning on a wall	entailment
5541	A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.	Six kids are smiling while on a field trip.	neutral
5542	A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.	One kid is crying.	contradiction
5543	A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.	Six kids are smiling.	entailment
5544	A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.	A person is water skiing.	contradiction
5545	A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.	A person is on a mountain.	entailment
5546	A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.	A person is skiing down a short mountain.	neutral
5547	A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.	Children are taking a picture.	entailment
5548	A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.	Children are taking a picture for their school photo.	neutral
5549	A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.	There are no people taking a photo.	contradiction
5550	A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars.	A group of friends gather for a protest later.	neutral
5551	A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars.	A group of humans near a pillar.	entailment
5552	A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars.	A man sitting next to a pillar.	contradiction
5553	A group of young students are hanging out together in a university.	A lone student poses in front of the university library.	contradiction
5554	A group of young students are hanging out together in a university.	Students sit together by the Student Union building.	neutral
5555	A group of young students are hanging out together in a university.	There is a group of young people together on the campus.	entailment
5556	A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.	A group of adults play softball.	contradiction
5557	A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.	A group of adults relax together.	entailment
5558	A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.	A group of adults relax together outside a club.	neutral
5559	Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring.	The men are competing in a boxing match.	neutral
5560	Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring.	The men are in a skating rink.	contradiction
5561	Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring.	Two males in a boxing ring.	entailment
5562	a group of teen kids loitering.	A group of teen kids are wearing baseball caps.	neutral
5563	a group of teen kids loitering.	A group of senior citizens are standing gossiping.	contradiction
5564	a group of teen kids loitering.	There is more then one person.	entailment
5565	Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two men are inside.	entailment
5566	Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two men are weightlifting.	contradiction
5567	Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two boxers are practicing for a match.	neutral
5568	The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.	The two men are swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
5569	The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.	The taller man is breaking up a fight between two other people.	neutral
5570	The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.	Two men are close together.	entailment
5571	A boy in a striped shirt blows bubbles through a bubble wand.	A boy is playing with his mother.	neutral
5572	A boy in a striped shirt blows bubbles through a bubble wand.	A boy is sleeping.	contradiction
5573	A boy in a striped shirt blows bubbles through a bubble wand.	A boy is blowing bubbles.	entailment
5574	Five people wearing white shirts and white hats are in a kitchen cooking something.	There are people swimming.	contradiction
5575	Five people wearing white shirts and white hats are in a kitchen cooking something.	There are people indoors.	entailment
5576	Five people wearing white shirts and white hats are in a kitchen cooking something.	There are five chefs in the kitchen.	neutral
5577	Several Asian cooks in a kitchen wearing white Dress Shirts.	Several Asian chefs are in a kitchen.	neutral
5578	Several Asian cooks in a kitchen wearing white Dress Shirts.	Severl cooks are in a kitchen.	entailment
5579	Several Asian cooks in a kitchen wearing white Dress Shirts.	Several asian cooks in a park wearing blue.	contradiction
5580	Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.	People are cooking.	entailment
5581	Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.	People are walking along the beach.	contradiction
5582	Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.	People are grilling.	neutral
5583	A group of chefs cooking food.	The chefs are cooking for an important guest	neutral
5584	A group of chefs cooking food.	The chefs are taking a break	contradiction
5585	A group of chefs cooking food.	Chefs are cooking	entailment
5586	A boy blowing bubbles outside.	a boy is blowing bubbles	entailment
5587	A boy blowing bubbles outside.	a woman is cooking dinner	contradiction
5588	A boy blowing bubbles outside.	a boy is blowing bubbles on a hot summer day	neutral
5589	A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is singing	entailment
5590	A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is playing the guitar	entailment
5591	A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is sleeping.	contradiction
5592	A person sculpting something from a large rock.	The person can't decide on what to sculpt and has not begun to work yet.	contradiction
5593	A person sculpting something from a large rock.	The person has a plan in mind.	neutral
5594	A person sculpting something from a large rock.	The person is a sculptor.	entailment
5595	A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet.	An artist is working on a piece of art.	entailment
5596	A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet.	A sculptors works on a new statue of a man.	neutral
5597	A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet.	A painter works on an oil painting.	contradiction
5598	A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	A sculptor in a sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	entailment
5599	A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	A sculptor in a red sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	contradiction
5600	A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	A man in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	neutral
5601	A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The man is starting to chisel into the rock.	entailment
5602	A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The artist is working on a big rock.	entailment
5603	A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The sculptor is working with clay.	contradiction
5604	A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks.	The sculptor is carving a statue for his garden.	neutral
5605	A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks.	The person in a blue sweater sits on a rock.	contradiction
5606	A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks.	There is a rock on wood planks.	entailment
5607	A group of young boys race on a snowy day.	A group of boy are enjoying their snow day	neutral
5608	A group of young boys race on a snowy day.	A group of boys are making smores	contradiction
5609	A group of young boys race on a snowy day.	A group of boys are racing	entailment
5610	The young runners are racing through the snow.	People running in snow chasing dogs.	neutral
5611	The young runners are racing through the snow.	Runners in the snow.	entailment
5612	The young runners are racing through the snow.	People sitting in the snow.	contradiction
5613	A group of children run a footrace in the snow.	Children are running in the snow.	entailment
5614	A group of children run a footrace in the snow.	There is no snow outside.	contradiction
5615	A group of children run a footrace in the snow.	The children are playing with each other.	neutral
5616	An older man carrying bananas on his head in a basket.	A man is eating bananas.	contradiction
5617	An older man carrying bananas on his head in a basket.	A man is bringing food to his home.	neutral
5618	An older man carrying bananas on his head in a basket.	There is a man delivering bananas.	entailment
5619	A band playing music together.	The band formed last year.	neutral
5620	A band playing music together.	The band is currently taking a break and there is no music.	contradiction
5621	A band playing music together.	The group works together to play music.	entailment
5622	A man surfing on a big green wave.	A man is participating in a surfing contest.	neutral
5623	A man surfing on a big green wave.	A man is on a surfboard.	entailment
5624	A man surfing on a big green wave.	A man on the beach is holding a surfboard.	contradiction
5625	A group of bicyclists racing.	The bicyclists are racing each other.	entailment
5626	A group of bicyclists racing.	They race all the time.	neutral
5627	A group of bicyclists racing.	The bicyclists are not competing.	contradiction
5628	An african american man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room.	A black man wearing a rosary necklace is inside.	entailment
5629	An african american man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room.	A black man plays pinball at an arcade.	contradiction
5630	An african american man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room.	James likes to pray in church.	neutral
5631	A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.	A man in a sky blue shirt is standing waiting.	neutral
5632	A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.	The man is standing upright.	entailment
5633	A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.	The man is reaching for the sky.	contradiction
5634	A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A male is waiting for his woman who is taking her time.	neutral
5635	A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A male is losing is mind about the game.	contradiction
5636	A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A man standing near a room.	entailment
5637	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is sleeping inside.	contradiction
5638	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is on water.	entailment
5639	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is in the ocean.	entailment
5640	Men in a cluster during a bike race	Men riding bicycles in a group.	entailment
5641	Men in a cluster during a bike race	Male bicyclists compete in the Tour de France.	neutral
5642	Men in a cluster during a bike race	A group of men intensely watching a greyhound race.	contradiction
5643	A group of bikers pedal along.	A boy pushes his toy around the yard.	contradiction
5644	A group of bikers pedal along.	A group of cyclists are in a marathon.	neutral
5645	A group of bikers pedal along.	A group of cyclists.	entailment
5646	A surfer rides out the green and white waves.	The surfer never gets wet.	contradiction
5647	A surfer rides out the green and white waves.	The man loves the ocean.	neutral
5648	A surfer rides out the green and white waves.	A surfer is in the water.	entailment
5649	People in warm coats peruse produce at a tented outdoor market.	People in coats are outside at a market.	entailment
5650	People in warm coats peruse produce at a tented outdoor market.	People are at the outdoor market in winter.	neutral
5651	People in warm coats peruse produce at a tented outdoor market.	People in shorts and t-shirts are at the outdoor market.	contradiction
5652	A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.	A dog running in the woods.	entailment
5653	A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.	A white cat next to a red cabin in the valley.	contradiction
5654	A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.	A family on vacation with their dog at a cabin in the woods.	neutral
5655	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room standing because they have nothing better to do.	neutral
5656	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	A person is standing in a room smoking and another person is also standing nearby.	entailment
5657	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people in the room are female.	neutral
5658	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people were fighting.	contradiction
5659	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people were chatting amongst eachother	neutral
5660	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	There is smoke in the room.	entailment
5661	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room sitting.	contradiction
5662	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The room has white walls.	neutral
5663	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are seated next to one another in an empty garage.	contradiction
5664	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The room is underwater.	contradiction
5665	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people were hanging out together	entailment
5666	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room and standing.	entailment
5667	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people are sitting by a table.	contradiction
5668	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are standing in a poolhall, playing billiards, while one smokes.	neutral
5669	Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room.	entailment
5670	Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath.	the boys were angry	neutral
5671	Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath.	the boy was listening	neutral
5672	Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath.	a couple was there	entailment
5673	A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.	A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub	entailment
5674	A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.	The child was watching a bunch of people take a bath	contradiction
5675	A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.	A bunch of people were helping the child take a bath	neutral
5676	The two dogs are outside.	There are two dogs outside.	entailment
5677	The two dogs are outside.	There is two cats outside.	contradiction
5678	The two dogs are outside.	There is a group of dogs outside.	neutral
5679	A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	A puppy is being watched over by its careful mother.	neutral
5680	A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	A puppy is running while being watched by an older dog.	entailment
5681	A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	A puppy rolls in the grass.	contradiction
5682	A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.	Parents are looking fondly at their baby.	neutral
5683	A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.	A baby is being cared for by adults.	entailment
5684	A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.	A teenager is in the shower.	contradiction
5685	An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.	Two dogs are running outside.	entailment
5686	An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.	An adult dog is running after a kitten.	contradiction
5687	A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.	The animals are not in the same area	contradiction
5688	A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.	The puppy has a brown fur coat.	neutral
5689	A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.	There are animals playing together.	entailment
5690	Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	A woman is singing to a very large crowd.	neutral
5691	Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	A man with dark hair is singing into a microphone	contradiction
5692	Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	A person is performing a song.	entailment
5693	Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her.	The blond singer is not allowed to sing for 3 weeks because she has lost her voice and could injure it.	contradiction
5694	Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her.	The person is singing for the crowd of people.	entailment
5695	Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her.	The blond singer is a well known country music star and her fans lover her shows.	neutral
5696	A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her.	Mick Jagger sweats on a microphone while children play with blocks.	contradiction
5697	A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her.	Gwen Stefani sings while fans dance.	neutral
5698	A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her.	A person with blond hair sings while people dance.	entailment
5699	Blond win sunglasses singing.	the blonde lady is joyful	neutral
5700	Blond win sunglasses singing.	there is music	entailment
5701	Blond win sunglasses singing.	the room is quiet and dark and no one is making a sound	contradiction
5702	a family sitting on some wooden stairs.	A house build with wooden stairs and the family is enjoying sitting on them	entailment
5703	a family sitting on some wooden stairs.	Cats and dogs love to poop on the ground	contradiction
5704	a family sitting on some wooden stairs.	A house build with wooden stairs and the family is enjoying sitting on them with there dogs	neutral
5705	A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.	A girl shovels snow.	entailment
5706	A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.	A girl shovels snow for her neighbor.	neutral
5707	A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.	A girl shovels dirt for a garden.	contradiction
5708	The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.	The child is shoveling snow.	entailment
5709	The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.	The child is drinking hot apple cider inside his father's house.	contradiction
5710	The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.	The child is shoveling snow because he is being punished.	neutral
5711	2 girls laying down on the grass.	They girls are watching the clouds float by.	neutral
5712	2 girls laying down on the grass.	The girls are running through the meadow.	contradiction
5713	2 girls laying down on the grass.	The girls are lying on the grass.	entailment
5714	A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.	the snow is very deep	neutral
5715	A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.	a person is lounging in a pool	contradiction
5716	A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.	the snow is being moved around	entailment
5717	Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move.	Each boy is very strong in the martial arts discipline.	neutral
5718	Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move.	Two young girls are performing karate and demonstrating a chop.	contradiction
5719	Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move.	The boys know martial arts.	entailment
5720	A person in a red shirt stands against a brick wall.	The person is standing against a wall.	entailment
5721	A person in a red shirt stands against a brick wall.	The person is standing against the school wall.	neutral
5722	A person in a red shirt stands against a brick wall.	The person is standing against a fence.	contradiction
5723	A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.	A man is outside.	entailment
5724	A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.	A man is on a dog sled.	neutral
5725	A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
5726	Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball.	The girls are winning the game.	neutral
5727	Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball.	People are sitting around playing cards.	contradiction
5728	Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball.	Young females are outside.	entailment
5729	Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.	The girls hate soccer.	contradiction
5730	Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.	The girls are good at soccer.	neutral
5731	Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.	The girls are on a team.	entailment
5732	Two young women partake in a game of soccer.	two young women partarke in a soccer game for a charity event	neutral
5733	Two young women partake in a game of soccer.	two women are inside having tea	contradiction
5734	Two young women partake in a game of soccer.	two young women are enjoying themselves on a soccer field	entailment
5735	A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A girl is playing soccer.	neutral
5736	A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A boy is sleeping.	contradiction
5737	A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A teenager is playing soccer.	entailment
5738	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of two female figurines on a small table.	neutral
5739	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A photographer taking picture of his toys.	neutral
5740	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is getting ready to take a picture.	entailment
5741	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	a man is preparing	entailment
5742	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man in a yellow shirt is takeing a picture of models in a room.	contradiction
5743	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	the man is a photgrapher	neutral
5744	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	The figurines are dancing in the field.	contradiction
5745	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A photographer.	entailment
5746	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	the man is sleeping	contradiction
5747	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	He is arranging figurines before he takes a photo of them.	neutral
5748	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A plastic toy dancing on its own.	contradiction
5749	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	The man in the blue shirt is carrying a box that he just packed all the figurines in.	contradiction
5750	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	The man is getting ready to take a picture of some figurines so he can sell them.	neutral
5751	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is preparing to taking a picture of figurines.	entailment
5752	A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is getting ready to take a picture.	entailment
5753	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are near the camera.	entailment
5754	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are at a movie theater.	contradiction
5755	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two girls have a picnic together.	neutral
5756	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two girls lay on the grass.	entailment
5757	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two young girls listening to alien speeches.	contradiction
5758	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Some girls are laying on the grass listening to music.	entailment
5759	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are wearing shoes.	neutral
5760	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The two girls are outdoors.	entailment
5761	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two young girls listening to Bach.	neutral
5762	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Some girls are sun tanning.	neutral
5763	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are at cello concert inside the school auditorium.	contradiction
5764	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Some girls are at home cooking.	contradiction
5765	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are smiling.	neutral
5766	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two young girls listening to music.	entailment
5767	Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	A couple of babies exchange rattles.	contradiction
5768	A businessman in gray slacks is standing at a food booth waiting to be served.	A business man is waiting to order food.	entailment
5769	A businessman in gray slacks is standing at a food booth waiting to be served.	A business man wants to be served an elephant.	contradiction
5770	A businessman in gray slacks is standing at a food booth waiting to be served.	A business man is getting lunch.	neutral
5771	Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.	Two girls listen to an mp3 player together.	entailment
5772	Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.	Two girls sit together in silence.	contradiction
5773	Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.	Two girls listen to music together.	neutral
5774	A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them.	A family all wearing straw hats are on top of a mountain.	neutral
5775	A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them.	A mountain goat is grazing on a mountain.	contradiction
5776	A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them.	A family poses on top of a mountain.	entailment
5777	Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.	Three people stop to feed the ducks in a pond	contradiction
5778	Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.	A family of three stand in front of craggy peaks.	neutral
5779	Three people, an adult asian in white, a white male in green, and an asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees.	Three people have their picture taken in front of a mountain.	entailment
5780	Three people, an adult asian in white, a white male in green, and an asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees.	Three little kids chase each other around taking pictures of each other.	contradiction
5781	Three people, an adult asian in white, a white male in green, and an asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees.	A family has their first formal portrait taken by a professional photography.	neutral
5782	Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.	the men stand by the window	entailment
5783	Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.	the men stand by the window ready for work	neutral
5784	Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.	the men eat grapes	contradiction
5785	Two men in black hoodies, one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire.	Two guys are near a fire.	entailment
5786	Two men in black hoodies, one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire.	Two men are eating at a restaurant.	contradiction
5787	Two men in black hoodies, one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire.	Two men are attending a bonfire.	neutral
5788	Two men standing by a fire at night.	the men are asleep in the motel	contradiction
5789	Two men standing by a fire at night.	two men are standing	entailment
5790	Two men standing by a fire at night.	the men are gay	neutral
5791	Two men standing next to a fire at night.	Two men are getting warm	neutral
5792	Two men standing next to a fire at night.	Two men are taking a shower	contradiction
5793	Two men standing next to a fire at night.	There are two people awake at night	entailment
5794	A group of women talk outside of a store.	Some people talk happily.	neutral
5795	A group of women talk outside of a store.	Some people sleep.	contradiction
5796	A group of women talk outside of a store.	Some people talk.	entailment
5797	People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.	People are on the sidewalk.	entailment
5798	People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.	People are on the sidewalk then they run away.	neutral
5799	People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.	People are swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
5800	A town street is filled with people along with shops.	People are dancing.	contradiction
5801	A town street is filled with people along with shops.	People are in the street.	entailment
5802	A town street is filled with people along with shops.	People are shopping.	neutral
5803	A young man and a woman are sleeping in a van.	two people are asleep	entailment
5804	A young man and a woman are sleeping in a van.	the people are swimming in the red sea	contradiction
5805	A young man and a woman are sleeping in a van.	the people are a couple	neutral
5806	A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.	A snowboarder takes a huge jump in a race	neutral
5807	A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.	A snowboarder signing autographs	contradiction
5808	A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.	A snowboarder takes a huge jump	entailment
5809	A group of woman on a sidewalk.	Women are on a sidewalk	entailment
5810	A group of woman on a sidewalk.	The women are inside a building	contradiction
5811	A group of woman on a sidewalk.	It is daylight outside	neutral
5812	A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	A cyclist is focusing on the doughnut intently.	contradiction
5813	A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, with plenty of riders ahead of him.	entailment
5814	A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	A cyclist is in the rain, focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	neutral
5815	A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner.	The man is competing outdoors.	entailment
5816	A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner.	The man enjoys racing.	neutral
5817	A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner.	The man is wearing a suit while riding.	contradiction
5818	An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A person is riding a bike.	entailment
5819	An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A person is riding a stationary bike.	contradiction
5820	An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A woman in her pajamas makes coffee.	contradiction
5821	A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.	A cyclist is about to fall over after rounding a corner on a wet road.	neutral
5822	A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.	A man is driving a car around a corner on a dry road.	contradiction
5823	A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.	A cyclist is on a road.	entailment
5824	Two bicyclists in a race with helmets.	boy plays nintendo	contradiction
5825	Two bicyclists in a race with helmets.	two guys on bikes	entailment
5826	Two bicyclists in a race with helmets.	final two in bike race	neutral
5827	A child is happily playing on the slide.	The child is sleep outside.	contradiction
5828	A child is happily playing on the slide.	A child is playing on the slide	entailment
5829	A child is happily playing on the slide.	The child is happy outside playing	neutral
5830	Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.	two men are skydiving	contradiction
5831	Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.	two men with dogs	entailment
5832	Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.	dogs are playing fetch	neutral
5833	A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.	A person wearing a helmet rides a  bike on a dirt path.	entailment
5834	A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.	He navigated his ATV into the woods.	contradiction
5835	A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.	A boy wearing a helmet rides a dirt bike on a path in the woods.	neutral
5836	Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.	Two children are playing with wooden blocks.	neutral
5837	Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.	Two children are sitting on chairs playing with blocks.	contradiction
5838	Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.	Children are laying on the floor	entailment
5839	A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.	the two men are staring out across the flat desert terrain	contradiction
5840	A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.	the man and women are dressed in matching outfits	neutral
5841	A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.	the man and women look off into the distance	entailment
5842	A man with a funny hat is dancing at a park.	man performs at the park	neutral
5843	A man with a funny hat is dancing at a park.	girl sleeps alone	contradiction
5844	A man with a funny hat is dancing at a park.	man dances at park	entailment
5845	Several people fishing on a cloudy day.	It is about to rain	neutral
5846	Several people fishing on a cloudy day.	People are fishing	entailment
5847	Several people fishing on a cloudy day.	The people are sleeping outside.	contradiction
5848	A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.	A woman and her children eating dinner at their home.	contradiction
5849	A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.	A woman and her children are looking at a frozen fountain.	neutral
5850	A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.	A woman and some children are outdoors.	entailment
5851	A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street.	A woman is walking to meet someone.	neutral
5852	A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street.	A woman standing indoors.	contradiction
5853	A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street.	A woman walking outside.	entailment
5854	two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.	The girls are in a sand box.	contradiction
5855	two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.	The girls are playing.	neutral
5856	two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.	The girls are on the carpet.	entailment
5857	Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures.	Young people play in the snow.	entailment
5858	Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures.	Young people play in the fresh snow.	neutral
5859	Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures.	People living in Los Angeles.	contradiction
5860	A black and a black dog are running side by side.	Two black dogs run next to each other	entailment
5861	A black and a black dog are running side by side.	Two black dogs run next to each other in a field	neutral
5862	A black and a black dog are running side by side.	Two white dogs run next to each other	contradiction
5863	A male tennis player, wearing a white headband, misses an in-bounds ball.	The athlete narrowly misses returning a hit in competition.	neutral
5864	A male tennis player, wearing a white headband, misses an in-bounds ball.	A man has something light colored around his head.	entailment
5865	A male tennis player, wearing a white headband, misses an in-bounds ball.	The person fails to return a ball that lands among the spectators in the bleachers.	contradiction
5866	A man in white playing tennis is still in midair after jumping to hit the ball.	The man is wearing tennis shoes.	neutral
5867	A man in white playing tennis is still in midair after jumping to hit the ball.	The man is in the air.	entailment
5868	A man in white playing tennis is still in midair after jumping to hit the ball.	The man is sitting on the bench during a timeout.	contradiction
5869	A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A man watches Serena Williams on TV.	contradiction
5870	A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A man playing tennis.	entailment
5871	A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A man plays tennis against his arch rival.	neutral
5872	Tennis player uses backhand in a match, possibly a doubles match.	tennis players are playing a match	entailment
5873	Tennis player uses backhand in a match, possibly a doubles match.	tennis players are in a professional match	neutral
5874	Tennis player uses backhand in a match, possibly a doubles match.	tennis players are smoking in a bar	contradiction
5875	A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Man and woman sit on rocks	entailment
5876	A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Man and woman sitting	neutral
5877	A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Two people fighting	contradiction
5878	women in white shirt with scarf and sunglasses	A woman sits indoors.	contradiction
5879	women in white shirt with scarf and sunglasses	A woman wears a scarf because it's windy out.	neutral
5880	women in white shirt with scarf and sunglasses	A woman is protecting her eyes from the sun.	entailment
5881	The woman in the dress is playing guitar and performing on stage.	The woman is playing guitar.	entailment
5882	The woman in the dress is playing guitar and performing on stage.	The woman is performing her number one single.	neutral
5883	The woman in the dress is playing guitar and performing on stage.	The woman is playing the piano at home.	contradiction
5884	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The woman is playing music.	entailment
5885	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	Somebody in the picture has played an instrument at least once in their life.	entailment
5886	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The woman is plucking her eyebrows in front of a mirror at home.	contradiction
5887	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The woman is playing a concert in front of a large crowd.	neutral
5888	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman is performing music.	entailment
5889	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman plays drums in a garage with blue walls.	contradiction
5890	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman plays guitar.	entailment
5891	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman plays guitar at a talent competition.	neutral
5892	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	This individual is named Marnie Stern.	neutral
5893	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman playing the drums.	contradiction
5894	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman is mopping.	contradiction
5895	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The color green is not in the frame at all.	contradiction
5896	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman playing guitar against a green screen.	neutral
5897	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman is a famous musician.	neutral
5898	A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman playing guitar on stage.	entailment
5899	A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.	A woman is playing her guitar.	entailment
5900	A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.	A woman is playing a country song on her guitar.	neutral
5901	A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.	A woman is playing a ukelele.	contradiction
5902	a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar.	Guitar player	entailment
5903	a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar.	woman walking	contradiction
5904	a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar.	girls playing guitar	neutral
5905	A woman is playing guitar on stage.	A woman is playing good music	neutral
5906	A woman is playing guitar on stage.	A girl is playing the drums on the floor	contradiction
5907	A woman is playing guitar on stage.	A woman is making sounds	entailment
5908	A few Asian men and one Asian woman sitting at a couple of tables.	Some Asians are sitting down.	entailment
5909	A few Asian men and one Asian woman sitting at a couple of tables.	Some Africans are watching a movie.	contradiction
5910	A few Asian men and one Asian woman sitting at a couple of tables.	Some Asians are sitting down for lunch.	neutral
5911	A group of people living on the street.	A group of homeless people scavenge for food.	contradiction
5912	A group of people living on the street.	A large family living on the street.	neutral
5913	A group of people living on the street.	A group of homeless people.	entailment
5914	One man sitting at a bus stop.	Nobody is sitting.	contradiction
5915	One man sitting at a bus stop.	A tall person sitting.	neutral
5916	One man sitting at a bus stop.	A person sitting	entailment
5917	A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top.	A guy is selling dolls at a table.	neutral
5918	A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top.	A guy has some dolls at a table.	entailment
5919	A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top.	A man in a red shirt is standing by himself.	contradiction
5920	Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall.	a man is looking at a mirror	entailment
5921	Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall.	The woman sees the man	neutral
5922	Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall.	there is a boy running by	contradiction
5923	A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter, with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter's sign.	The man is waiting for his car.	contradiction
5924	A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter, with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter's sign.	The man missed his bus.	neutral
5925	A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter, with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter's sign.	There is a man sitting on a bus stop/	entailment
5926	A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	A business man is outdoors waiting for the buss.	entailment
5927	A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	The man is on his way to the office to work.	neutral
5928	A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	The man is riding in a boat.	contradiction
5929	This group of young people is sitting on the floor.	The group of young people is standing in a circle.	contradiction
5930	This group of young people is sitting on the floor.	A group of young people is sitting on the ground.	entailment
5931	This group of young people is sitting on the floor.	A group of young people sitting on the floor is singing a song together.	neutral
5932	A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	A woman is practicing her singing.	contradiction
5933	A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	A woman in a red dress is working on the juice machine.	neutral
5934	A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	A woman is working on an orange juice machine.	entailment
5935	A group of women in red shirts singing together.	the men are wearing blue shirts and reading a book together	contradiction
5936	A group of women in red shirts singing together.	the women are wearing red.	entailment
5937	A group of women in red shirts singing together.	The women are outside	neutral
5938	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is making a sandcastle on the beach.	contradiction
5939	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is going to go sledding on her shovel down the street.	contradiction
5940	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	Woman shovels driveway for neighbors	neutral
5941	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman wearing a coat is standing in the snow with a shovel.	entailment
5942	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is shoveling snow.	entailment
5943	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing next to a phone booth	entailment
5944	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	Beth clears the walkway after the blizzard	entailment
5945	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	The woman is inside making dinner.	contradiction
5946	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	The woman is building a telephone booth snow sculpture.	neutral
5947	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman has finish shoveling the place she was paid to	neutral
5948	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	Penguin runs amuck at black tie social	contradiction
5949	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing next to her fireplace	contradiction
5950	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing outside in the snow.	entailment
5951	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is about to start shoveling her driveway.	neutral
5952	A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is outside after a big snow storm.	neutral
5953	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	The pitcher is throwing a slider.	neutral
5954	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	people play baseball	entailment
5955	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	The batter is wearing white and blue.	entailment
5956	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	a cat eats a treat	contradiction
5957	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	people play a playoff baseball game	neutral
5958	A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	The game is taking place in North Korea.	contradiction
5959	A panel of men and women attending a conference.	people attend conference	entailment
5960	A panel of men and women attending a conference.	a dog sleeps	contradiction
5961	A panel of men and women attending a conference.	people learn about investments	neutral
5962	A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen.	The man orders take out for dinner.	contradiction
5963	A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen.	Someone is cooking in the kitchen.	entailment
5964	A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen.	The cook is making steak.	neutral
5965	A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach.	A kid plays on the beach.	entailment
5966	A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach.	A little boy plays on the beach.	neutral
5967	A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach.	A kid takes a nap.	contradiction
5968	There is a large hole in the road.	The road developed a big hole.	entailment
5969	There is a large hole in the road.	The large pothole in the road was due to bad winter weather.	neutral
5970	White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel, creating some sort of artwork.	White man creating a sculpture for the palace	neutral
5971	White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel, creating some sort of artwork.	Black man with a chisel	contradiction
5972	White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel, creating some sort of artwork.	White man with artwork	entailment
5973	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man with chin-length hair works on a sculpture for a competition.	neutral
5974	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man working on the sculpture has chin-length hair.	entailment
5975	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man with long hair is sculpting.	entailment
5976	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man with shoulder-length hair works on a sculpture.	contradiction
5977	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is sculpting a bowl out of clay.	neutral
5978	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man is painting a picture.	contradiction
5979	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A woman is welding iron.	contradiction
5980	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is carving a marble statue.	neutral
5981	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is a famous artist.	neutral
5982	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The blond haired man is making a statue.	neutral
5983	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man is working on a sculpture.	entailment
5984	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is playing checkers.	contradiction
5985	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is an artist.	entailment
5986	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is sculpting.	entailment
5987	A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is painting a picture.	contradiction
5988	Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market.	People are buying clothes outdoors.	entailment
5989	Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market.	People are looking for good deals.	neutral
5990	Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market.	A man spray paints the sign.	contradiction
5991	A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.	The man is breaking his piece.	neutral
5992	A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.	The man is working on his art.	entailment
5993	A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.	The man is eating pizza.	contradiction
5994	Two people talking on the side of the street standing with a gas can.	Two people outside carrying a gas can arguing about who forgot to fill the tank.	neutral
5995	Two people talking on the side of the street standing with a gas can.	People holding a conversation.	entailment
5996	Two people talking on the side of the street standing with a gas can.	Two people swimming in a pool.	contradiction
5997	People are walking down a street in a city.	The people are going to a city-wide festival.	neutral
5998	People are walking down a street in a city.	The people are riding on an elevator.	contradiction
5999	People are walking down a street in a city.	The people are outside walking.	entailment
6000	Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Two men are taking their lunch break.	contradiction
6001	Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Two men are working.	entailment
6002	Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Two men are working in a construction zone.	neutral
6003	One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.	One Asian cook is teaching the other cook how to make a special dish for their customers.	neutral
6004	One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.	One Asian cook is watching another cook on  a griddle in a commercial kitchen	entailment
6005	One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.	Two Italian teachers are yelliing at other in school.	contradiction
6006	A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.	Two men are talking.	entailment
6007	A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.	A naked man is talking to another man.	contradiction
6008	A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.	The priest is talking to the police officer.	neutral
6009	Man on the street, in blue striped shirt, talking to a man with glasses.	One man is berating another man.	neutral
6010	Man on the street, in blue striped shirt, talking to a man with glasses.	Two men are having a conversation.	entailment
6011	Man on the street, in blue striped shirt, talking to a man with glasses.	A man in a blue shirt is flirting with a woman with glasses.	contradiction
6012	Two men talking, both in blue shirts.	Two garbage men are talking.	neutral
6013	Two men talking, both in blue shirts.	Two men are wearing blue.	entailment
6014	Two men talking, both in blue shirts.	Three men wearing white say nothing.	contradiction
6015	Two men standing around talking by a city street.	Two men speak to each other.	entailment
6016	Two men standing around talking by a city street.	Two men standing around talking by a city street and people can be seen walking past them.	neutral
6017	Two men standing around talking by a city street.	Two men speak by the road in a rural environment.	contradiction
6018	A person is riding a dune buggy up a sandy hill.	A person is inside eating dinner in their windowless dining room.	contradiction
6019	A person is riding a dune buggy up a sandy hill.	A person is outside on a dune buggy.	entailment
6020	A person is riding a dune buggy up a sandy hill.	A person is in a dune buggy race going up a hill.	neutral
6021	A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.	A musician in colorful clothes plays a trumpet outside.	neutral
6022	A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.	A musician in colorful clothes performs indoors.	contradiction
6023	A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.	A musician in colorful clothes performs outside.	entailment
6024	Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer	Two girls are playing soccer	entailment
6025	Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer	An old woman is sleeping.	contradiction
6026	Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer	Two teammates are practicing before the game.	neutral
6027	Two chefs in an Asian restaurant one cooking on a hibachi type girl the other standing by the refrigerators smiling for the camera.	The group of adults are waiting in line at the retail store.	contradiction
6028	Two chefs in an Asian restaurant one cooking on a hibachi type girl the other standing by the refrigerators smiling for the camera.	Two adults inside a building.	entailment
6029	Two chefs in an Asian restaurant one cooking on a hibachi type girl the other standing by the refrigerators smiling for the camera.	The chefs are preparing a dinner for a celebrity.	neutral
6030	Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.	Girls are sleeping.	contradiction
6031	Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.	Girls are outside.	neutral
6032	Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.	Girls are playing soccer.	entailment
6033	Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball	The girls in jerseys are racing for the ball.	neutral
6034	Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball	The girls are playing soccer.	entailment
6035	Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball	Two girls in jerseys are running away from a skunk.	contradiction
6036	Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.	The girls are sisters	neutral
6037	Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.	Two girls are in red and white stripes	entailment
6038	Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.	The girls are in a black shirt	contradiction
6039	Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.	Two girls are playing a game of soccer.	entailment
6040	Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.	Two girls are playing cricket.	contradiction
6041	Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.	Two girls are playing in the championship soccer gamer.	neutral
6042	A man bicycles through a parking lot.	The man has a car.	contradiction
6043	A man bicycles through a parking lot.	The man is old.	neutral
6044	A man bicycles through a parking lot.	A man has a bicycle.	entailment
6045	Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop.	Two salesman are working together.	neutral
6046	Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop.	Two people are outside.	entailment
6047	Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop.	A single person is knocking on a door.	contradiction
6048	A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day.	The person is running away from the cops.	contradiction
6049	A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day.	A person is biking in the cold.	neutral
6050	A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day.	A person is outside.	entailment
6051	A person is a riding a bike through a parking lot with dead trees in the background.	The person is riding their bike to a store.	neutral
6052	A person is a riding a bike through a parking lot with dead trees in the background.	A person is riding a bike.	entailment
6053	A person is a riding a bike through a parking lot with dead trees in the background.	The person is walking.	contradiction
6054	A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.	a woman falling off a bike in a parking lot	contradiction
6055	A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.	a man learning to ride a bike in s parking lot	neutral
6056	A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.	a human riding a bike in a parking lot	entailment
6057	A person riding a bike in a parking lot.	A person is riding a skateboard.	contradiction
6058	A person riding a bike in a parking lot.	A person is riding a bike.	entailment
6059	A person riding a bike in a parking lot.	A person is stealing a bike.	neutral
6060	Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business, with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell.	Men play ring-around-the-rosies.	contradiction
6061	Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business, with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell.	A man fields a call about his workers painting the wrong company name on a storefront.	neutral
6062	Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business, with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell.	Men paint a business.	entailment
6063	Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats.	They are at home.	contradiction
6064	Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats.	The Mother and child have blue coats are on the carousal while throwing rocks a people	neutral
6065	Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats.	The Mother and child have blue coats are on the carousal.	entailment
6066	A female child with a towel next to a sink.	Girl dances to Vagner.	contradiction
6067	A female child with a towel next to a sink.	Girl, sick, sits in the bathroom by the sink.	neutral
6068	A female child with a towel next to a sink.	Girls sits by sink with towel.	entailment
6069	A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	A shirtless woman is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	contradiction
6070	A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	A man is having a conversation with another man while a blond woman sleeps.	entailment
6071	A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	A man is having a conversation with a man while a blond woman sleeps on the couch.	neutral
6072	a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares	A couple is holding hands while walking down the street,.	contradiction
6073	a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares	A couple is discussing their future.	neutral
6074	a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares	A couple is having some alone time together.	entailment
6075	A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.	A man is indoors.	contradiction
6076	A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.	A man is wearing a jacket.	neutral
6077	A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.	A man is near a structure.	entailment
6078	A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall.	A man wearing a maroon shirt is beside a wall.	entailment
6079	A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall.	The man is standing upright next to a concrete wall.	contradiction
6080	A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall.	A man is picking up something from the ground beside a wall.	neutral
6081	A man standing bent over in front of an overpass.	A man is out side.	entailment
6082	A man standing bent over in front of an overpass.	A man is driving a car.	contradiction
6083	A man standing bent over in front of an overpass.	A man's car has broken down.	neutral
6084	A person in black pants bends over near a concrete wall.	A naked person stands straight next to the wooden wall.	contradiction
6085	A person in black pants bends over near a concrete wall.	A spy bends behind a wall to avoid capture.	neutral
6086	A person in black pants bends over near a concrete wall.	A person in dark colored pants is twisting himself.	entailment
6087	A person in a red jacket bending over.	The person is not wearing a shirt.	contradiction
6088	A person in a red jacket bending over.	The person is outside.	neutral
6089	A person in a red jacket bending over.	The person is on their feet.	entailment
6090	A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.	A human with a sign.	entailment
6091	A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.	A tall human with a sign	neutral
6092	A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.	Nobody has a sign	contradiction
6093	A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.	A dog on an obstacle platform.	entailment
6094	A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.	A cat on an obstacle platform and a man.	contradiction
6095	A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.	A dog on an obstacle platform and a black man.	neutral
6096	Men, wearing orange safety vests, are standing on scaffolding.	Men wearing safety vests ride a life raft.	contradiction
6097	Men, wearing orange safety vests, are standing on scaffolding.	Man wearing safety vests standing on a scaffold.	entailment
6098	Men, wearing orange safety vests, are standing on scaffolding.	Men wearing safety vests direct traffic.	neutral
6099	Only the hands and arms of a person painting another person's arm.	A person is painting another individual.	entailment
6100	Only the hands and arms of a person painting another person's arm.	A man is painting a portrait of the dean.	neutral
6101	Only the hands and arms of a person painting another person's arm.	A sculptor is making a statue.	contradiction
6102	A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her.	The crowd walks in fron of the woman.	contradiction
6103	A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her.	The purse is black.	entailment
6104	A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her.	The market sells organic vegetables.	neutral
6105	A woman is sitting in front of a computer.	A woman moved away from her computer.	contradiction
6106	A woman is sitting in front of a computer.	A woman is working at her job on her computer.	neutral
6107	A woman is sitting in front of a computer.	A woman is looking at her computer.	entailment
6108	Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.	The people aren't wearing jeans	contradiction
6109	Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.	There are two people	entailment
6110	Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.	The jeans are blue	neutral
6111	Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside.	the man is in a classroom	contradiction
6112	Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside.	a man is talking to children	entailment
6113	Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside.	a man is telling children not to destroy property	neutral
6114	Several older people stand in front of a food booth.	People stand in front of a performing dog.	contradiction
6115	Several older people stand in front of a food booth.	People stand in front of a food booth.	entailment
6116	Several older people stand in front of a food booth.	People stand in front of a food booth for hot dogs.	neutral
6117	A woman is covering her eyes with her hands.	A woman is playing peek-a-boo with a baby.	neutral
6118	A woman is covering her eyes with her hands.	A woman is holding her hands over her eyes.	entailment
6119	A woman is covering her eyes with her hands.	A woman is looking through a pair of bincoculars.	contradiction
6120	Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things.	Some people wearing cowboy hats looking at things near a booth.	neutral
6121	Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things.	Some people looking at things near a booth.	entailment
6122	Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things.	Some people riding dirtbikes on the moon.	contradiction
6123	A group of elderly people stand around a booth at a food co-op.	Old people are purchasing fruit	neutral
6124	A group of elderly people stand around a booth at a food co-op.	Young people are picking tomatoes	contradiction
6125	A group of elderly people stand around a booth at a food co-op.	Old people are out in a food store	entailment
6126	A man walking down a street by a garage.	The lady is driving by.	contradiction
6127	A man walking down a street by a garage.	Someone is on the street.	neutral
6128	A man walking down a street by a garage.	The man is walking.	entailment
6129	A person walking past a brick shed.	A person is running in the Olympics.	contradiction
6130	A person walking past a brick shed.	A person is walking past a shed to get home.	neutral
6131	A person walking past a brick shed.	A person is walking.	entailment
6132	A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.	A man is wearing a shirt	neutral
6133	A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
6134	A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.	A man is walking past a building	entailment
6135	Some women are looking at items on a table.	Some women are jogging in the park.	contradiction
6136	Some women are looking at items on a table.	The women are examining clothes on the clearance table at the department store.	neutral
6137	Some women are looking at items on a table.	Women are looking at objects grouped together.	entailment
6138	A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer.	The woman is naked	contradiction
6139	A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer.	The woman is working on her day off	neutral
6140	A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer.	The woman is wearing clothes	entailment
6141	Four people stare over a fence at the view of a mountain.	The people sitting in their chairs look over the fence at the mountain.	neutral
6142	Four people stare over a fence at the view of a mountain.	The people look at the mountain.	entailment
6143	Four people stare over a fence at the view of a mountain.	The group is sitting inside watching TV.	contradiction
6144	A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.	There is a person on a vehicle.	entailment
6145	A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.	The man just fell off his motorcycle.	contradiction
6146	A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.	The man is showing off on his motorcycle.	neutral
6147	Two small girls dressed as fairies.	Two small girls are dressed	entailment
6148	Two small girls dressed as fairies.	Two small girls are happily dressed	neutral
6149	Two small girls dressed as fairies.	Two small girls are not dressed	contradiction
6150	Young man surfing in the ocean.	The man is using a surf board.	entailment
6151	Young man surfing in the ocean.	The young man is surfing at Malibu Beach.	neutral
6152	Young man surfing in the ocean.	A young man is walking his dog.	contradiction
6153	Children cluster together, toting their luggage.	Children are carrying luggage.	entailment
6154	Children cluster together, toting their luggage.	Children are carrying large bags and suitcases that are red.	neutral
6155	Children cluster together, toting their luggage.	Children are fighting a dragon.	contradiction
6156	A surfer hangs in the air over the water.	A man hangs in the air.	entailment
6157	A surfer hangs in the air over the water.	A star surfer hangs in the air.	neutral
6158	A surfer hangs in the air over the water.	A woman flails in the water.	contradiction
6159	A boy on a surfboard in midair.	A boy is in the water.	entailment
6160	A boy on a surfboard in midair.	The boy caught a wave.	neutral
6161	A boy on a surfboard in midair.	The boy is on the beach.	contradiction
6162	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	entailment
6163	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	A youth in a white t-shirt was walking in the mall.	contradiction
6164	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water coming back to shore.	neutral
6165	A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.	A man swimming in the pool	contradiction
6166	A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.	A man in water on a surfboard.	entailment
6167	A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.	A man balancing himself on a surf board over the waves.	neutral
6168	A man is smoking at sunset.	The time in the picture is probably somewhere between 3PM and 9PM.	entailment
6169	A man is smoking at sunset.	The man is smoking a Camel Crush.	neutral
6170	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking a cigar on his porch.	neutral
6171	A man is smoking at sunset.	Nobody who is in the frame has ever smoked anything in their life.	contradiction
6172	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking a cigarette at sunset.	neutral
6173	A man is smoking at sunset.	A person is repairing a mailbox.	contradiction
6174	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking.	entailment
6175	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man smoking a cigarette.	neutral
6176	A man is smoking at sunset.	the men are asleep in the motel	contradiction
6177	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man smoking.	entailment
6178	A man is smoking at sunset.	the man is white	neutral
6179	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking at sunrise.	contradiction
6180	A man is smoking at sunset.	A man eating.	contradiction
6181	A man is smoking at sunset.	A guy is smoking in the evening.	entailment
6182	A man is smoking at sunset.	a man smokes	entailment
6183	A bearded man leans back and smokes a cigarette while the sun sets over a body of water in the background.	man smokes	entailment
6184	A bearded man leans back and smokes a cigarette while the sun sets over a body of water in the background.	man takes lunch break	neutral
6185	A bearded man leans back and smokes a cigarette while the sun sets over a body of water in the background.	girl drinks coke	contradiction
6186	A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.	a woman is lying down	contradiction
6187	A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.	a young man is lying down	neutral
6188	A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.	a man is lying down	entailment
6189	A young man leans his head back as he smokes during sunset.	A young man exercising in the room.	contradiction
6190	A young man leans his head back as he smokes during sunset.	A young man smoking.	entailment
6191	A young man leans his head back as he smokes during sunset.	A young man is taking a break.	neutral
6192	A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man collects change in a bucket for entertaining passersby.	neutral
6193	A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man uses an instrument to make music.	entailment
6194	A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man reads from a book and lectures an audience inside a conference room.	contradiction
6195	Man taking off his shoes on a set of stairs.	Someone is changing from one pair of shoes to another.	neutral
6196	Man taking off his shoes on a set of stairs.	The man is already barefoot.	contradiction
6197	Man taking off his shoes on a set of stairs.	Someone is in the stairwell.	entailment
6198	A man in orange shorts sits on some steps in front of a big blue door.	A young man sits on a horse as it gallops.	contradiction
6199	A man in orange shorts sits on some steps in front of a big blue door.	A young man in shorts sits on some dirty steps.	neutral
6200	A man in orange shorts sits on some steps in front of a big blue door.	A man in shorts sits on some steps.	entailment
6201	A man is sitting on steps with his legs crossed with a green scarf.	A man sitting on steps waiting for a cab.	neutral
6202	A man is sitting on steps with his legs crossed with a green scarf.	A man standing on steps with a red scarf.	contradiction
6203	A man is sitting on steps with his legs crossed with a green scarf.	A person sitting on steps.	entailment
6204	A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.	The man is touching a shirt.	entailment
6205	A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.	The man is completely focused on what he is doing and not distracted in any way.	contradiction
6206	A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.	The man is distracted by a moving car.	neutral
6207	a man sitting on steps with headphones and sandals	A man is sitting down on stairs.	entailment
6208	a man sitting on steps with headphones and sandals	The man is standing on the steps.	contradiction
6209	a man sitting on steps with headphones and sandals	The main is listening to music with his headphones.	neutral
6210	Man in business suite leaning on lion statue.	The man is dressed for business.	entailment
6211	Man in business suite leaning on lion statue.	This tycoon just paid all his taxes, reduced his salary, and gave the custodian a raise.	contradiction
6212	Man in business suite leaning on lion statue.	The City broker leans on the symbol of old England.	neutral
6213	A man leans against a statue in front of a building.	a man is sleeping on a bench	contradiction
6214	A man leans against a statue in front of a building.	a man is leaning on a sports statue	neutral
6215	A man leans against a statue in front of a building.	a man on leaning on a statue	entailment
6216	A man is leaning on an object beside a building.	A man is outside by a building.	entailment
6217	A man is leaning on an object beside a building.	A man is leaning on a pole by the building.	neutral
6218	A man is leaning on an object beside a building.	A man is seated on a park bench in the open park.	contradiction
6219	A man dressed in blue leans against a lion statue.	The man is waiting for someone.	neutral
6220	A man dressed in blue leans against a lion statue.	The man is jogging.	contradiction
6221	A man dressed in blue leans against a lion statue.	The lion statue is sturdy.	entailment
6222	A man is shoveling snow next to a Nissan Altima with New Jersey plates.	A Nissan Altima in NJ has a man shoveling snow next to it.	entailment
6223	A man is shoveling snow next to a Nissan Altima with New Jersey plates.	A man goes to the beach in NJ.	contradiction
6224	A man is shoveling snow next to a Nissan Altima with New Jersey plates.	Frank tries to dig his Nissan Altima out of his driveway so he can go to work at the Prudential Center.	neutral
6225	A man is working out in the outdoors.	A man is outside.	entailment
6226	A man is working out in the outdoors.	A man rakes leaves.	neutral
6227	A man is working out in the outdoors.	A dong is swimming.	contradiction
6228	a man wearing a hat, sunglasses, gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima.	A man prepares to dig his car out of the snow with a shovel.	neutral
6229	a man wearing a hat, sunglasses, gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima.	Someone is outside in the snow.	entailment
6230	a man wearing a hat, sunglasses, gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima.	The man uses a blower to move the snow.	contradiction
6231	Woman goes rock climbing.	Woman vigorously goes rock climbing.	neutral
6232	Woman goes rock climbing.	Woman rock climbing.	entailment
6233	Woman goes rock climbing.	Woman goes shopping.	contradiction
6234	person in orange clothing lying on a wall	A person dressed in orange is laying on a wall.	entailment
6235	person in orange clothing lying on a wall	The person is wearing a pink rain coat while running through the forest.	contradiction
6236	person in orange clothing lying on a wall	The prisoner is laying on a wall in the prison yard.	neutral
6237	A dog runs along a beach near the waves.	The pup is running along the sand near the water.	neutral
6238	A dog runs along a beach near the waves.	The dog is swimming in the water.	contradiction
6239	A dog runs along a beach near the waves.	A dog is running.	entailment
6240	a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	People are laying down.	contradiction
6241	a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	The band is playing for a football game.	neutral
6242	a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	A band is playing.	entailment
6243	A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing.	A man in blue earphones is jogging in central park.	contradiction
6244	A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing.	A man is messing with a Team ACE hotrod.	entailment
6245	A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on.	A tall human checking	neutral
6246	A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on.	Nobody is checking	contradiction
6247	A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on.	A human checking	entailment
6248	A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	The man is working on something.	entailment
6249	A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	The man is working on a truck.	contradiction
6250	A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	The race car belongs to the man.	neutral
6251	A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.	A man is working on a motorcycle.	contradiction
6252	A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.	There is a man near a red and white dragster.	entailment
6253	A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.	The man is tuning up the car for a race.	neutral
6254	A man is spraying something on this drag car.	There is a drag car getting sprayed	entailment
6255	A man is spraying something on this drag car.	A man is spraying a drag car with soap	neutral
6256	A man is spraying something on this drag car.	A man is walking away from this drag car	contradiction
6257	An elderly person is getting their haircut by another person wearing a cap, in front of a sign with Chinese characters.	An older person is getting their haircut for a date.	neutral
6258	An elderly person is getting their haircut by another person wearing a cap, in front of a sign with Chinese characters.	Someone is getting their haircut.	entailment
6259	An elderly person is getting their haircut by another person wearing a cap, in front of a sign with Chinese characters.	A person is getting hair extensions.	contradiction
6260	A woman in black walks down a street with luggage.	A woman is walking	entailment
6261	A woman in black walks down a street with luggage.	A man is walking down the street	contradiction
6262	A woman in black walks down a street with luggage.	A woman is looking for something	neutral
6263	A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.	A man is inside talking on the phone.	contradiction
6264	A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.	A man wearing a red shirt is climbing a tree.	neutral
6265	A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.	A man is outside climbing a tree.	entailment
6266	People are gathered at a bar.	Men and women are celebrating a birthday in a bar.	neutral
6267	People are gathered at a bar.	The people are attending church.	contradiction
6268	People are gathered at a bar.	There are people in the bar.	entailment
6269	A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.	A black man in sunglasses and a leather jacket is smiling while pointing a finger	neutral
6270	A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.	A man in sunglasses and a leather jacket points while smiling	entailment
6271	A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.	A man in sunglasses and a leather jacket is riding a motorcycle	contradiction
6272	A man climbs through trees like a monkey.	The man could fall out of the tree if he isn't careful.	entailment
6273	A man climbs through trees like a monkey.	The animal trainer is climbing through the trees in hopes that the monkeys will learn to trust him more.	neutral
6274	A man climbs through trees like a monkey.	The man is out in his rowboat fishing on the rainy day.	contradiction
6275	male construction workers observing something from a construction site.	A construction worker deciding what to do next.	neutral
6276	male construction workers observing something from a construction site.	A construction worker observing the site.	entailment
6277	male construction workers observing something from a construction site.	An office worker typing on a computer.	contradiction
6278	A crowd runs on a wide track for a race.	a crowd of people sits around	contradiction
6279	A crowd runs on a wide track for a race.	some people compete	entailment
6280	A crowd runs on a wide track for a race.	racers in the olympics run for first place	neutral
6281	A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.	The young man is building a bird house.	contradiction
6282	A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.	The young man with the telescope is loking for stars.	neutral
6283	A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.	There is a young man using a telescope.	entailment
6284	Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.	The girls are soccer players.	neutral
6285	Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.	The girls are skipping rope.	contradiction
6286	Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.	The girls are wearing uniforms.	entailment
6287	One black man and one caucasian man are at the front of the pack of otherwise predominantly Asian track runners; all wearing shorts, running shoes and numbered paper race-bibs.	There are asian track runners by the black and caucasian man.	entailment
6288	One black man and one caucasian man are at the front of the pack of otherwise predominantly Asian track runners; all wearing shorts, running shoes and numbered paper race-bibs.	The black man and caucasian man are friends.	neutral
6289	One black man and one caucasian man are at the front of the pack of otherwise predominantly Asian track runners; all wearing shorts, running shoes and numbered paper race-bibs.	The black man and caucasian man are in front of a group of horses.	contradiction
6290	A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	A young women's soccer team with blue uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	contradiction
6291	A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	The girls' soccer team are warming up.	entailment
6292	A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise after a game.	neutral
6293	A group a man with numbers pinned to their shirts run in a race.	A group of men are switching their numbers on their shirts in a race.	neutral
6294	A group a man with numbers pinned to their shirts run in a race.	A group of men are moving supplies around in a garage.	contradiction
6295	A group a man with numbers pinned to their shirts run in a race.	A group of men are in a race.	entailment
6296	A marathon of runners running on a red track.	Runners are on a track.	entailment
6297	A marathon of runners running on a red track.	Workers are taking a break.	contradiction
6298	A marathon of runners running on a red track.	Runners are racing on a track.	neutral
6299	A man in a blue sweater and brown pants, pushed a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a scooter down the sidewalk.	The people are clothed	entailment
6300	A man in a blue sweater and brown pants, pushed a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a scooter down the sidewalk.	It is summer.	neutral
6301	A man in a blue sweater and brown pants, pushed a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a scooter down the sidewalk.	the man is sitting on the lawn.	contradiction
6302	Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.	The child has nothing to eat.	contradiction
6303	Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.	The child is indoors.	neutral
6304	Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.	A child's hands are full.	entailment
6305	Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.	A woman is chewing gum while lecturing her young daughter.	contradiction
6306	Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.	A man is smoking a cigarette while talking to his mother.	neutral
6307	Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.	A man is smoking a cigarette.	entailment
6308	A young man sets up his telescope for night viewing.	a girl set up her telescope	contradiction
6309	A young man sets up his telescope for night viewing.	a man is setting up his telescope	entailment
6310	A young man sets up his telescope for night viewing.	a man is setting up his telescope to look for aliens	neutral
6311	Too older people with baskets.	Two humans with containers to hold things.	entailment
6312	Too older people with baskets.	Two older women carrying baskets on their heads.	neutral
6313	Too older people with baskets.	A dog with a bone runs in a driveway.	contradiction
6314	A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.	The girl is wearing red.	contradiction
6315	A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.	The girl is wearing blue.	entailment
6316	A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.	The girl is content.	neutral
6317	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The man is wearing jeans.	neutral
6318	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man falls asleep fishing.	entailment
6319	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has a blue jacket.	entailment
6320	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The man is swimming in the ocean on top of the moon.	contradiction
6321	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A person in a jacket	entailment
6322	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A huge person in a jacket	neutral
6323	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has fallen asleep in his chair.	entailment
6324	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man falls asleep on his couhc.	contradiction
6325	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has a light blue jacket.	neutral
6326	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man is currently jet skiing	contradiction
6327	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man is fishing in order to get some meat for dinner	neutral
6328	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The man has his eyes closed.	entailment
6329	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man falls asleep fishing with friends.	neutral
6330	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The person is wide awake.	contradiction
6331	A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has a green jacket.	contradiction
6332	One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.	Rain is falling from the sky.	entailment
6333	One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.	He is sitting on a bench.	neutral
6334	One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.	The jacket and umbrella are the same color.	contradiction
6335	A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather.	the man is wearing protective clothing	entailment
6336	A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather.	the man has a red fishing pole	neutral
6337	A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather.	the man is inside washing dishes	contradiction
6338	A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man is fishing.	entailment
6339	A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man is playing xbox.	contradiction
6340	A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man is celebrating retirement.	neutral
6341	An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.	A lone stalker is window peeping.	contradiction
6342	An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.	The crowd of watchers is waiting for an occurrence.	entailment
6343	An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.	An audience is watching a horror movie and waiting for something to happen.	neutral
6344	A group of people and a dog sitting on concrete bleachers.	A group of people and a dog are attending a football game.	neutral
6345	A group of people and a dog sitting on concrete bleachers.	A group of people and a dog are sitting outside.	entailment
6346	A group of people and a dog sitting on concrete bleachers.	A group of people and a dog are sitting on the ground.	contradiction
6347	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Some dogs watch a basketball game.	contradiction
6348	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	People are watching a free performance.	neutral
6349	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	People are watching a performance.	entailment
6350	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	A dog sits with people watching a performance on a basketball court.	entailment
6351	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The people are watching a streetgame of basketball.	neutral
6352	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Some people and a dog are in the gym.	neutral
6353	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The group is waiting for the team to finish their game.	neutral
6354	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Group of people at a football game.	contradiction
6355	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	A dog is playing basketball.	contradiction
6356	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	People and a dog are watching other's play basketball.	neutral
6357	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The group of people came with the dog.	entailment
6358	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The people are watching volleyball.	contradiction
6359	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The people with an animal are watching a game.	entailment
6360	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The group is interrupting the game.	contradiction
6361	A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Group of people and a dog watching others on a basketball court.	entailment
6362	A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.	A group of people watching a basketball game.	neutral
6363	A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.	A group of people sitting outside.	entailment
6364	A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.	A group of people sitting in a grassy field.	contradiction
6365	The person is dress from head to toe in white and is walking on the street.	Person walking.	entailment
6366	The person is dress from head to toe in white and is walking on the street.	Naked person laying on the street.	contradiction
6367	The person is dress from head to toe in white and is walking on the street.	Person walking on crowded street.	neutral
6368	A woman wearing an all-white outfit is walking across a crosswalk.	Man wearing Black Jeans	contradiction
6369	A woman wearing an all-white outfit is walking across a crosswalk.	Woman wearing white clothes crossing road	entailment
6370	A woman wearing an all-white outfit is walking across a crosswalk.	Woman wearing white top and white jeans	neutral
6371	Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.	Some girls are posing.	entailment
6372	Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.	The girls are all taking a test.	contradiction
6373	Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.	Nobody is wearing a hat.	neutral
6374	A woman in a white dress walking down a street.	a woman walking in  the office to down a street	neutral
6375	A woman in a white dress walking down a street.	a woman wearing a white dress for peace	neutral
6376	A woman in a white dress walking down a street.	a woman walking on the water	contradiction
6377	A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk.	A woman in a white dress crosses the crosswalk.	neutral
6378	A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk.	A woman in a all white in a crosswalk.	entailment
6379	A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk.	A woman in all black at a funeral.	contradiction
6380	an elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street.	An elderly woman looks through a purse she just stole from someone	contradiction
6381	an elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street.	An elderly woman on a busy street.	entailment
6382	an elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street.	An elderly woman looks for her medication in her purse	neutral
6383	Four kids turn around to be photographed.	Two kids turn around to see the attraction.	contradiction
6384	Four kids turn around to be photographed.	Four kids are by a camera.	entailment
6385	Four kids turn around to be photographed.	Four kids turn around to be photographed with the horse.	neutral
6386	At night, a man looks through a telescope	A man was in deep sleep during the night time	contradiction
6387	At night, a man looks through a telescope	A man was looking through his telescope	entailment
6388	At night, a man looks through a telescope	Man looking at the moon through a telescope	neutral
6389	Two grinning girls in white jump on a green sofa.	The girls are standing.	entailment
6390	Two grinning girls in white jump on a green sofa.	The girls are staying still.	contradiction
6391	Two grinning girls in white jump on a green sofa.	The sisters are trying to touch the ceiling.	neutral
6392	A dog jumps over a log in the woods.	A dog jumps over something in the woods.	entailment
6393	A dog jumps over a log in the woods.	A big dog jumps over a log in the woods.	neutral
6394	A dog jumps over a log in the woods.	A cat jumps over a log in the woods.	contradiction
6395	Two girls wearing short dresses are walking next to a car as one carries a large Hand bag.	Two kids ride bicycles down the street in their swimsuits.	contradiction
6396	Two girls wearing short dresses are walking next to a car as one carries a large Hand bag.	Two young ladies are headed out for the day.	neutral
6397	Two girls wearing short dresses are walking next to a car as one carries a large Hand bag.	Two kids are walking in a parking lot together.	entailment
6398	Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.	The fence has dog snot on it.	contradiction
6399	Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.	The dog is climbing the fence.	entailment
6400	Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.	The rabid dog is climbing the fence.	neutral
6401	A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.	There is a large brick wall keeping the dog in the yard.	contradiction
6402	A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.	A dog is outside.	entailment
6403	A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.	The dog is climbing the fence to get out of the yard.	neutral
6404	Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	The dog is agile	entailment
6405	Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	The dog is at the vet	contradiction
6406	Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	The dog is trying to catch a rabbit and climbs over a fence to get to it	neutral
6407	Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.	The black dog is chasing a fox.	neutral
6408	Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.	The black dog is climbing over something in its path.	entailment
6409	Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.	Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.	contradiction
6410	A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro.	person in a orange hoodie lays on top of an entrance corridor	entailment
6411	A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro.	a person standing in a  corridor entrance	contradiction
6412	A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro.	a person on an entrance corridor	neutral
6413	A golden-brown dog running through a green field.	The dog is outside.	entailment
6414	A golden-brown dog running through a green field.	The dog is inside a car.	contradiction
6415	A golden-brown dog running through a green field.	The dog is running after a man.	neutral
6416	A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass.	A dog chasing squirrels through tall green grass.	neutral
6417	A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass.	A dog fetching a tennis ball on the concrete playground.	contradiction
6418	A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass.	A dog running quickly through grass.	entailment
6419	Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck.	The men are in collared shirts	entailment
6420	Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck.	The men are looking at photos	neutral
6421	Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck.	The men are sleeping.	contradiction
6422	a brown dog is running through a grassy field.	a big dog is running through a grassy field.	neutral
6423	a brown dog is running through a grassy field.	a brown cat is running through a grassy field.	contradiction
6424	a brown dog is running through a grassy field.	a dog is running through a grassy field.	entailment
6425	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is chasing a sheep.	neutral
6426	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is outside.	entailment
6427	A dog runs in a grassy field.	There is an animal outdoors.	entailment
6428	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is sitting inside.	contradiction
6429	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is running around outside.	entailment
6430	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog sitting on a porch.	contradiction
6431	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A pet is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
6432	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog running through a field.	entailment
6433	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A puppy is running to catch a stick.	neutral
6434	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is laying in the dirt chewing on a bone.	contradiction
6435	A dog runs in a grassy field.	The grass in the field is so high that it is difficut to see the dog running through the field.	neutral
6436	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is running across a field of grass.	entailment
6437	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is running after a rabbit in a field of grass.	neutral
6438	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A puppy playing in the grass.	neutral
6439	A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is inside taking a nap.	contradiction
6440	A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant.	The two people paddle their kayaks in the surf.	contradiction
6441	A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant.	The couple celebrates the old man's birthday at a restaurant.	neutral
6442	A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant.	The people are dining al fresco.	entailment
6443	A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant.	a man and a woman are on their first date	neutral
6444	A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant.	two men are having a meal at an inside dining room	contradiction
6445	A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant.	a man and a woman are eating	entailment
6446	Man singing on a stage with band.	A man is playing the drums in his bedroom.	contradiction
6447	Man singing on a stage with band.	A man is performing on stage.	entailment
6448	Man singing on a stage with band.	A man is singing in front of a sold out concert.	neutral
6449	A man and a woman eating a meal together.	A man eats alone.	contradiction
6450	A man and a woman eating a meal together.	A couple share a meal.	neutral
6451	A man and a woman eating a meal together.	A man and woman eat together.	entailment
6452	Two older people are sharing a dish	An elderly couple romaticly shares a plate of food.	neutral
6453	Two older people are sharing a dish	An young couple sits on a crowded bus.	contradiction
6454	Two older people are sharing a dish	Sharing a dish are two elderly people.	entailment
6455	A young girl with red-hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.	The red haired woman is walking down the street.	contradiction
6456	A young girl with red-hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.	A girl with a pony tail is playing outside.	neutral
6457	A young girl with red-hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.	The girl is playing outside.	entailment
6458	Number 33 slam dunks in his cool green sneakers.	number 33 slam dunks	entailment
6459	Number 33 slam dunks in his cool green sneakers.	number 33 is 3ft tall with a 5inch vertical leap.	contradiction
6460	Number 33 slam dunks in his cool green sneakers.	number 33 is wearing converse	neutral
6461	A basketball player slam dunks the ball and holds onto the rim.	The rim is broken.	neutral
6462	A basketball player slam dunks the ball and holds onto the rim.	The basketball player can dunk.	entailment
6463	A basketball player slam dunks the ball and holds onto the rim.	There is no rim.	contradiction
6464	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man and woman are outdoors.	entailment
6465	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and a woman were in a motorcycle wreck.	neutral
6466	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and a woman standing on the highway together.	entailment
6467	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman riding a motorcycle.	contradiction
6468	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man is talking to the woman.	neutral
6469	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman gaze at their motorcycle after crashing it on the highway.	neutral
6470	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman dance on a ballroom floor.	contradiction
6471	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman stand next to a motorcycle in the highway.	entailment
6472	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man is escaping from prison.	contradiction
6473	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	An emergency services worker stands near a woman who has witnessed an accident.	neutral
6474	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A think man in a red jumpsuit stands next to a woman on the highway.	contradiction
6475	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man in an orange stands next to a woman on the highway.	entailment
6476	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman stand on the highway.	entailment
6477	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	Two women were riding a motorcycle down a dirt road.	contradiction
6478	A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man and woman just got in an accident.	neutral
6479	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	Orange jumpsuits are conspicuously visible.	entailment
6480	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and woman are dressed in dark suits.	contradiction
6481	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	everyone is happy and laughing.	contradiction
6482	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	The woman is crying as she looks at the crash	neutral
6483	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man is talking to a woman.	entailment
6484	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	You can't look away from a train wreck.	neutral
6485	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and a woman are drinking a beer in a bar.	contradiction
6486	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man is accusing a woman of vehicular negligence.	neutral
6487	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and woman stand on the freeway near a motorcycle crash.	entailment
6488	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and a woman are on a road looking at a red vehicle.	entailment
6489	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A convict has escaped from county jail.	contradiction
6490	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and a woman are observing a wreck being dealt with on a freeway.	neutral
6491	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and woman exchange insurance information after a wreck.	neutral
6492	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	There is a motor vehicle accident	entailment
6493	Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	An inmate takes a woman hostage after causing her to crash.	contradiction
6494	People are standing on a freeway where a motorcycle accident has just occurred.	People are watching the accident.	neutral
6495	People are standing on a freeway where a motorcycle accident has just occurred.	People are on the road.	entailment
6496	People are standing on a freeway where a motorcycle accident has just occurred.	People are made from road dust.	contradiction
6497	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The woman is 300 pounds.	neutral
6498	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman are broke down.	neutral
6499	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	People are viewing motorbikes are cars on the street.	neutral
6500	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	A couple stand looking at their crashed motorcycles as no one stops to help	neutral
6501	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The woman is performing at the opera.	contradiction
6502	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and women are in the ocean.	contradiction
6503	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman are outside.	entailment
6504	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	A man is zooming around in his car.	contradiction
6505	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	Two men look down at their crashed bicycles by the side of the road	contradiction
6506	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	A couple is watching motorcyles pass by on a highway.	entailment
6507	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man is wearing jeans.	neutral
6508	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman have legs.	entailment
6509	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman are outside.	entailment
6510	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	Two people stand in the highway looking at motorcyles	entailment
6511	A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man is shooting laser beams from his eyes.	contradiction
6512	An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	The man has lived for many years	entailment
6513	An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	The man is 10 years old	contradiction
6514	An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	The man is 102 years old	neutral
6515	Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.	Construction workers look on as a crane carries workers.	entailment
6516	Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.	Two workers are carried by a crane to a dangerous portion of incomplete construction.	neutral
6517	Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.	A man blows his nose by a train track.	contradiction
6518	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The ladies are both wearing black	contradiction
6519	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	TWO LADIES ARE BOWLING	contradiction
6520	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	ladies in dresses.	entailment
6521	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	Two ladies play games with a group of children	entailment
6522	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	TWO LADIES ARE PLAYING WITH LITTLE GIRLS	neutral
6523	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The ladies are young.	neutral
6524	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The ladies are playing with the kids.	entailment
6525	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	Two teachers play with children during recess	neutral
6526	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The children are ghosts.	contradiction
6527	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	woman play	entailment
6528	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	Two women scold children for playing roughly	contradiction
6529	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	some boys are playing with the woman	neutral
6530	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	the children have eaten all the woman in the area	contradiction
6531	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The lady is going to a ball	neutral
6532	Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	TWO LADIES ARE OUTSIDE	entailment
6533	Two men looking down on a building from a cherry picker.	The men are watching tv.	contradiction
6534	Two men looking down on a building from a cherry picker.	The two men are wearing work clothes.	neutral
6535	Two men looking down on a building from a cherry picker.	The two men are higher than the building.	entailment
6536	Constructions workers are working on a building.	People working on a building	entailment
6537	Constructions workers are working on a building.	People walking outside	contradiction
6538	Constructions workers are working on a building.	People working to meet a deadline	neutral
6539	An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.	Captain Ahab is looking for the whale	neutral
6540	An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.	Captain Ahab will get the whale	contradiction
6541	An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.	The old man is unhappy	entailment
6542	a young girl and two friends are playing.	The young girl is studying.	contradiction
6543	a young girl and two friends are playing.	The young girl is human.	entailment
6544	a young girl and two friends are playing.	The young girl is playing with boys.	neutral
6545	A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.	the wakeboarder is in the ocean	neutral
6546	A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.	someone is jumping a wave	entailment
6547	A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.	the wakeboarder is not jumping	contradiction
6548	A woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street.	There is a person outside.	entailment
6549	A woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street.	This person is riding a bike to work.	neutral
6550	A woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street.	This person is jogging down a hill.	contradiction
6551	A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.	A woman is riding a bike.	entailment
6552	A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.	The bike is blue.	neutral
6553	A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.	A woman is riding a horse.	contradiction
6554	A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling.	The woman is delivering a package	neutral
6555	A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling.	The woman is running	contradiction
6556	A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling.	The woman is outdoors	entailment
6557	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	The young girl is the woman's granddaughter.	neutral
6558	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	A young girl and a woman are walking on the sidewalk.	entailment
6559	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	The young girl and woman are sitting at a table eating dinner.	contradiction
6560	A dog is playing in water.	The dog is playing in a lake.	neutral
6561	A dog is playing in water.	A dog is wet.	entailment
6562	A dog is playing in water.	A dog is asleep in its bed.	contradiction
6563	man in van painted like the mystery machine parked in front of house	The van is old.	neutral
6564	man in van painted like the mystery machine parked in front of house	The van is parked in front of a house.	entailment
6565	man in van painted like the mystery machine parked in front of house	There is a women in a car.	contradiction
6566	A van painted in bright blue, pink, and green is driving down the road.	There is a vehicle in this picture.	entailment
6567	A van painted in bright blue, pink, and green is driving down the road.	The van is being driven across country to San Francisco.	neutral
6568	A van painted in bright blue, pink, and green is driving down the road.	The van was destroyed in the accident.	contradiction
6569	A blond-headed child holding a red broom.	A brown-headed child is holding a blue broom.	contradiction
6570	A blond-headed child holding a red broom.	The child wants to help clean up the mess he made.	neutral
6571	A blond-headed child holding a red broom.	A child is holding a cleaning tool in his hand.	entailment
6572	Colorful van with blue above and green with pink "clouds" on the bottom sitting in front of a fenced in home and sign saying "Jaguar" in front.	A sign reads no trespassers allowed in front of an industrial building.	contradiction
6573	Colorful van with blue above and green with pink "clouds" on the bottom sitting in front of a fenced in home and sign saying "Jaguar" in front.	A sign in front of a fenced in home housing exotic animals says "Jaguar".	neutral
6574	Colorful van with blue above and green with pink "clouds" on the bottom sitting in front of a fenced in home and sign saying "Jaguar" in front.	A sign reads "Jaguar".	entailment
6575	A caucasian male toddler sweeps the tiled floor.	A toddler sweeps up his mess.	neutral
6576	A caucasian male toddler sweeps the tiled floor.	A black child washes a window.	contradiction
6577	A caucasian male toddler sweeps the tiled floor.	A white toddler sweeps the floor.	entailment
6578	The small blond-haired child is holding a broom.	Nobody has a broom.	contradiction
6579	The small blond-haired child is holding a broom.	A huge white broom.	neutral
6580	The small blond-haired child is holding a broom.	A human holding a broom	entailment
6581	A little child with a sweater, blue shirt and black pants, holding a broom in a kitchen.	the child was doing chores	neutral
6582	A little child with a sweater, blue shirt and black pants, holding a broom in a kitchen.	the child was in the kitchen	entailment
6583	A little child with a sweater, blue shirt and black pants, holding a broom in a kitchen.	the child worke a black dress	contradiction
6584	A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.	A child doing chores.	entailment
6585	A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.	A young child sweeping the floor with a large cat.	contradiction
6586	A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.	A child sweeping the floor with a Swiffer.	neutral
6587	A young man does exercises in his fencing class.	The man only uses guns.	contradiction
6588	A young man does exercises in his fencing class.	The man is athletic.	neutral
6589	A young man does exercises in his fencing class.	The man has held a sword.	entailment
6590	Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out.	The man has white robes.	contradiction
6591	Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out.	The adult is only wearing black.	neutral
6592	Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out.	The man has a weapon.	entailment
6593	A man in a gym performs moves with outstretched arms.	A guy exercising next to a trainer.	neutral
6594	A man in a gym performs moves with outstretched arms.	A guy exercising.	entailment
6595	A man in a gym performs moves with outstretched arms.	A woman exercising next to a trainer.	contradiction
6596	A man holding his arms out horizontally, and gripping a fencing sword in his right hand, as people in the background do the same thing.	The man is sitting reading a newspaper.	contradiction
6597	A man holding his arms out horizontally, and gripping a fencing sword in his right hand, as people in the background do the same thing.	The man is learning how to fence.	neutral
6598	A man holding his arms out horizontally, and gripping a fencing sword in his right hand, as people in the background do the same thing.	A man is holding a sword.	entailment
6599	Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.	A boy is practicing for a competition in the gym using a sword.	neutral
6600	Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.	A girl is practicing karate.	contradiction
6601	Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.	A boy is holding a sword.	entailment
6602	Workers at a construction site.	Workers abandoned the site to go on strike.	contradiction
6603	Workers at a construction site.	Male and female workers are at the construction site.	neutral
6604	Workers at a construction site.	The are workers at the construction site.	entailment
6605	An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage.	A black man performing onstage.	entailment
6606	An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage.	A woman looking through her purse.	contradiction
6607	An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage.	A gospel singer practicing for a show.	neutral
6608	Football team is getting drenched by a hose.	The team is about to win the title.	contradiction
6609	Football team is getting drenched by a hose.	The team is having fun in the summer.	neutral
6610	Football team is getting drenched by a hose.	The team is getting wet.	entailment
6611	A group of young football players are being sprayed with water.	Notre Dame football players are getting wet.	neutral
6612	A group of young football players are being sprayed with water.	Hockey players are getting sprayed.	contradiction
6613	A group of young football players are being sprayed with water.	Football players are getting wet.	entailment
6614	Young boys in football jerseys getting showered with water outside.	A team of young boys just finished a game	neutral
6615	Young boys in football jerseys getting showered with water outside.	A football team is cleaning off after a game.	entailment
6616	Young boys in football jerseys getting showered with water outside.	The soccer players are inside the gym.	contradiction
6617	A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.	The boys are sleeping.	contradiction
6618	A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.	The teenage boys are being sprayed	neutral
6619	A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.	The teenage boys are wearing yellow and blue uniforms	entailment
6620	A man is a kitchen cooking.	A woman is cooking in the living room.	contradiction
6621	A man is a kitchen cooking.	A man with a chef hat is cooking.	neutral
6622	A man is a kitchen cooking.	A person is cooking in a kitchen.	entailment
6623	A young girl poses by the water.	The young girl posed for the picture by the water.	neutral
6624	A young girl poses by the water.	The young girl posed by the water.	entailment
6625	A young girl poses by the water.	The elderly lady stood by the water.	contradiction
6626	A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.	The girl is dancing in the ocean.	contradiction
6627	A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.	The girl is sitting on the rock having a photo taken.	entailment
6628	A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.	The girl is taking senior pictures.	neutral
6629	A woman sits in the sun on some large rocks in the middle of a pond.	The woman is sinking in the water.	contradiction
6630	A woman sits in the sun on some large rocks in the middle of a pond.	A mermaid is in the middle of the pond.	neutral
6631	A woman sits in the sun on some large rocks in the middle of a pond.	A woman is in the middle of the pond on some rocks.	entailment
6632	A Girl Wearing Boots, Is Sitting On A Rock Near a Pond.	Someone sits near water.	entailment
6633	A Girl Wearing Boots, Is Sitting On A Rock Near a Pond.	A barefoot girl dangles her toes in the pond.	contradiction
6634	A Girl Wearing Boots, Is Sitting On A Rock Near a Pond.	A girl gazes at boats as she sits on a flat rock.	neutral
6635	A young woman sitting on stepping stones in a small pond.	A young woman is sitting down.	entailment
6636	A young woman sitting on stepping stones in a small pond.	A young woman is sleeping at home.	contradiction
6637	A young woman sitting on stepping stones in a small pond.	A young woman is resting	neutral
6638	Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls	Kids re playing with balls.	entailment
6639	Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls	Kids are playing miniature golf.	contradiction
6640	Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls	Kids are playing in a pit of balls inside the restaurant.	neutral
6641	Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.	The kids are walking home from school.	contradiction
6642	Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.	Some kids are sliding into a ball pit.	entailment
6643	Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.	Some children are playing in the ball pit at McDonald's.	neutral
6644	Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.	The hurt child is watching the others play.	neutral
6645	Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.	Kids are playing in a ball pit.	entailment
6646	Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.	The kids are in the swimming pool.	contradiction
6647	A man wearing jeans, along sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	A man wearing blue jeans, a green long sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	neutral
6648	A man wearing jeans, along sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	A man wearing dress pants, a t-shirt, and sunglasses is standing on a low metal railing.	contradiction
6649	A man wearing jeans, along sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	A person is standing on a railing.	entailment
6650	A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park.	A man posing on his brand new skateboard.	neutral
6651	A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park.	A man posing on his skateboard at home.	contradiction
6652	A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park.	A person posing on a skateboard.	entailment
6653	A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.	A skateboarder does a rail slide.	entailment
6654	A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.	A person on a skateboard does a trick.	neutral
6655	A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.	A girl rides her bike.	contradiction
6656	The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground.	A girl is showing her family how to make a snow angel.	neutral
6657	The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground.	A girl is rolling around the carpet in her playroom.	contradiction
6658	The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground.	A young girl is playing outside.	entailment
6659	A girl plays in the snow by making a snow angel.	The girl is drinking cocoa by a fire.	contradiction
6660	A girl plays in the snow by making a snow angel.	A girl is having fun in the snow.	neutral
6661	A girl plays in the snow by making a snow angel.	A female is outside.	entailment
6662	A young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel.	A child is outdoors.	entailment
6663	A young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel.	A child is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
6664	A young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel.	A child is playing in a blizzard.	neutral
6665	Several people are gathered and watching an event.	The people are watching the event.	entailment
6666	Several people are gathered and watching an event.	The people are looking at their pockets.	contradiction
6667	Several people are gathered and watching an event.	The people are watching the launch.	neutral
6668	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera.	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happeningo off-camera	entailment
6669	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera.	Something interesting is happening off camera	neutral
6670	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera.	The group of people are watching tv	contradiction
6671	A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.	A girl is sitting down reading a book next to a lake	contradiction
6672	A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.	A girl is enjoying a concert	entailment
6673	A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.	A girl is with friends taking a picture at a concert	neutral
6674	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A person is cooking dinner.	neutral
6675	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A woman is standing in the kitchen.	contradiction
6676	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man is standing in the kitchen.	entailment
6677	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is in the bathroom wearing a yellow shirt.	contradiction
6678	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man in blue makes dinner.	neutral
6679	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The guy in the kitchen wears a blue sweatshirt.	entailment
6680	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	There is a man in a kitchen.	entailment
6681	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
6682	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is standing in a kitchen	entailment
6683	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is about to make dinner.	neutral
6684	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man in a red shirt is in a bathroom.	contradiction
6685	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The cooking man is wearing a blue shirt.	neutral
6686	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man in a sweatshirt is in a home.	entailment
6687	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is cooking.	neutral
6688	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man is sitting in his bathtub.	contradiction
6689	An elderly woman sitting on a bench.	A grandmother waits on a bench.	neutral
6690	An elderly woman sitting on a bench.	A young mother sits down.	contradiction
6691	An elderly woman sitting on a bench.	A woman is sitting on a bench.	entailment
6692	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Four people are wading in a natural pool	contradiction
6693	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Some people are relaxing in a pool.	neutral
6694	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	The pool has seven people in it	entailment
6695	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people are sitting in a pool.	contradiction
6696	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are eight people in the pool	contradiction
6697	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	people in a pool	entailment
6698	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	A group of people are outdoors	entailment
6699	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are people swimming in a normal swimming pool.	contradiction
6700	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people are wading in a pool as the eighth watches from the shore.	neutral
6701	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	there were five people	contradiction
6702	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are people in a pool.	entailment
6703	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people have wet feet.	entailment
6704	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	they have waders on	neutral
6705	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	The pool is clear	neutral
6706	Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people are up to their ankles in water.	neutral
6707	Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.	Three girlfriends watching a movie.	neutral
6708	Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.	Three girls taking the bus.	contradiction
6709	Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.	Three girls sitting in a theater.	entailment
6710	A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.	A tall man stirring a pot of pasta sauce on a stove.	neutral
6711	A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.	A tall man cooking at a stove.	entailment
6712	A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.	A short woman sweeping a kitchen.	contradiction
6713	A businessman is talking on his cellphone while smoking a cigarette at an intersection under construction.	A man in a suit is talking to a construction worker while holding his phone in his hand.	contradiction
6714	A businessman is talking on his cellphone while smoking a cigarette at an intersection under construction.	A man is having a conversation on his phone while trying to ignore the sounds of construction	neutral
6715	A businessman is talking on his cellphone while smoking a cigarette at an intersection under construction.	A man is smoking while talking into his phone.	entailment
6716	An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree.	A man sits on a cardboard box under the shade.	contradiction
6717	An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree.	A woman sits on a park bench under the shade.	entailment
6718	An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree.	A woman is preparing to have lunch in the shade.	neutral
6719	people lounge in a man made pool, next to a river	people are lounging	entailment
6720	people lounge in a man made pool, next to a river	people are in a natural pool	contradiction
6721	people lounge in a man made pool, next to a river	people are having fun	neutral
6722	There are people in swimming pool next to a river.	People are swimming in the river.	contradiction
6723	There are people in swimming pool next to a river.	People are swimming.	entailment
6724	There are people in swimming pool next to a river.	People enjoy swimming in the clean pool rather than the river.	neutral
6725	A group of cats sit in the grass.	A family of cats sit in the grass.	neutral
6726	A group of cats sit in the grass.	Cats sit in the grass.	entailment
6727	A group of cats sit in the grass.	A dog sleeps in the grass.	contradiction
6728	Two football players run into each other.	Two football players collide.	entailment
6729	Two football players run into each other.	Two football players are eating breakfast in a hotel.	contradiction
6730	Two football players run into each other.	Two football players fail to avoid running into each other.	neutral
6731	A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.	The football player is off the ground.	entailment
6732	A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.	The football player is sitting on the bench.	contradiction
6733	A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.	The football player is about to score a touchdown.	neutral
6734	A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.	A person is sleeping.	contradiction
6735	A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.	A person is walking.	entailment
6736	A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.	A person is next to an object	neutral
6737	Two men vie for a football.	The men are sleeping.	contradiction
6738	Two men vie for a football.	The men view for football	entailment
6739	Two men vie for a football.	The men love football	neutral
6740	Two people hiking on a mountain.	Two people meet while hiking.	neutral
6741	Two people hiking on a mountain.	The hikers are lost.	contradiction
6742	Two people hiking on a mountain.	Two hikers are on a mountain.	entailment
6743	A man in face mask working on a machine.	the man is dancing.	contradiction
6744	A man in face mask working on a machine.	the man is a contractor.	neutral
6745	A man in face mask working on a machine.	the man is working.	entailment
6746	Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.	women in the background are laughing	entailment
6747	Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.	women in the background are not laughing	contradiction
6748	Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.	women in the background are happily laughing	neutral
6749	A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.	The toddler is driving a full-sized vehicle while drinking	contradiction
6750	A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.	The toddler is being pushed by their parents as they drink out of a cup	neutral
6751	A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.	A toddler is drinking from a cup in a toy car	entailment
6752	A man wears an interesting blue wig in public	A person is wearing a fake hairpiece.	entailment
6753	A man wears an interesting blue wig in public	A man is wearing a wig so he can spy on his wife whom he suspects of cheating on him.	neutral
6754	A man wears an interesting blue wig in public	A man is getting his hair cut at the local barber.	contradiction
6755	A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	A girl attempts to hide her blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	neutral
6756	A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	A girl's blue wig is visible under her brown-hooded jacket.	entailment
6757	A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	An alien, attempting to conceal it's inhuman hair color, scurries to cover under a jacket.	contradiction
6758	One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig	It is hard to tell what color the person's real hair is under that blue wig.	entailment
6759	One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig	Every single person in the all-female crowd has bleached blond hair.	contradiction
6760	One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig	The person in the middle of the crowd was hired to be a clown and entertain for the afternoon.	neutral
6761	Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap.	A tall human with a wig	neutral
6762	Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap.	A human with a wig	entailment
6763	Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap.	Nobody has a wig	contradiction
6764	The pilot looking out of a British Airways airplane while two men are standing outside.	The pilot is in a plane	entailment
6765	The pilot looking out of a British Airways airplane while two men are standing outside.	The pilot is waiting to take off	neutral
6766	The pilot looking out of a British Airways airplane while two men are standing outside.	The plane is over the ocean	contradiction
6767	A man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water.	the pigs eat cheese	contradiction
6768	A man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water.	a guy with a helmet is in the sun	entailment
6769	A man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water.	a guy with a helmet is in the sun on his birthday	neutral
6770	A man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water.	A man sunbathes on steps near the water.	neutral
6771	A man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water.	A man bicycles to the water.	contradiction
6772	A man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water.	A man rests on steps near the water.	entailment
6773	A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.	The man is sitting in a boat wearing a baseball cap.	contradiction
6774	A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.	A man is wearing a helmet.	entailment
6775	A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.	The man is traveling and decided to take a break.	neutral
6776	A man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet.	A man sleeps by his bike.	neutral
6777	A man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet.	A man sleeps outside.	entailment
6778	A man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet.	A man sleeps after riding his skateboard.	contradiction
6779	A man is laying in the sand.	A man is laying on the ground	entailment
6780	A man is laying in the sand.	A man is laying on the beach	neutral
6781	A man is laying in the sand.	A man is jumping in the snow	contradiction
6782	A musical event in the park.	The park is outside	entailment
6783	A musical event in the park.	there is music in the park	entailment
6784	A musical event in the park.	The music event is at the firehouse.	contradiction
6785	A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.	a person is about to take a shower	contradiction
6786	A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.	a person is in costume	entailment
6787	A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.	a person is on set of a movie	neutral
6788	A dog jumping at the beach.	A puppy trying to catch a stick on the beach.	neutral
6789	A dog jumping at the beach.	An animal on sand.	entailment
6790	A dog jumping at the beach.	People chasing a tiger.	contradiction
6791	Dog on a rock next to water.	A dog is next to the water.	entailment
6792	Dog on a rock next to water.	The dog is jumping in the water.	neutral
6793	Dog on a rock next to water.	A dog is getting a treat.	contradiction
6794	A muddy dog runs next to water.	the boy liked cowboys	neutral
6795	A muddy dog runs next to water.	a young boy runs	entailment
6796	A muddy dog runs next to water.	the child was 18 years old	contradiction
6797	A furry white dog playing in the sand.	A dog is in some sand.	entailment
6798	A furry white dog playing in the sand.	A dog is standing on grass.	contradiction
6799	A furry white dog playing in the sand.	A small dog is in some sand.	neutral
6800	A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water	a cat jumping into the water	contradiction
6801	A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water	a black lab jumping near some water	neutral
6802	A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water	a dog jumping near some water	entailment
6803	Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.	A dog and women with baby stroller crossing a bridge.	entailment
6804	Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.	A dog and cat with a baby play sports.	contradiction
6805	Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.	A dog and women are on their way home.	neutral
6806	The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.	People and animals cross a bridge.	entailment
6807	The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.	People walk on the beach.	contradiction
6808	The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.	People and their pets cross the river on a bridge.	neutral
6809	a man inspecting meat in a kitchen	A man is watching TV on his couch.	contradiction
6810	a man inspecting meat in a kitchen	A man is getting ready to cook.	neutral
6811	a man inspecting meat in a kitchen	A man is make sure his meat is perfect.	entailment
6812	Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.	Two mothers own a dog	neutral
6813	Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.	Two mothers are on a walk	entailment
6814	Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.	The babies are in a crib sleeping	contradiction
6815	The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.	The cats are chasing dogs off of their property	contradiction
6816	The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.	The cats lay as they just finished hunting.	neutral
6817	The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.	The cats lay in the grass.	entailment
6818	a family crossing a bridge	Parents and their children stop to look down into the raging water.	neutral
6819	a family crossing a bridge	Several related people move from one location to another.	entailment
6820	a family crossing a bridge	Several people open presents around a Christmas tree.	contradiction
6821	A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.	The man is selling meat.	neutral
6822	A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.	The man wears black shirts and has strange eyes.	entailment
6823	A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.	The woman runs to work.	contradiction
6824	The man wearing a red shirt is mowing grass using a riding lawn mower.	A man cutting down tall grass on his riding mower on a sunny day.	neutral
6825	The man wearing a red shirt is mowing grass using a riding lawn mower.	A man cutting down a tree next to his home.	contradiction
6826	The man wearing a red shirt is mowing grass using a riding lawn mower.	A man cutting tall grass with a riding mower outside his home.	entailment
6827	Guy in an orange vest on a lawn tractor mowing his lawn on a sunny day	Guy mows his lawn in summer.	neutral
6828	Guy in an orange vest on a lawn tractor mowing his lawn on a sunny day	Guy runs from police on lawn tractor.	contradiction
6829	Guy in an orange vest on a lawn tractor mowing his lawn on a sunny day	Guy mows his lawn.	entailment
6830	A man is cutting grass on a large field on a green rising mower.	A man rides a lawn mower early in the morning.	neutral
6831	A man is cutting grass on a large field on a green rising mower.	A girl is pushing a stroller across a barren field.	contradiction
6832	A man is cutting grass on a large field on a green rising mower.	A man rides a lawn mower.	entailment
6833	A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor	A guy is surrounded by green grass.	entailment
6834	A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor	A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor will get paid when he is done.	neutral
6835	A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor	A guy riding on a snowmobile.	contradiction
6836	A man with a blue shirt, SpongeBob shirts, clogs, and white tights stands on the street.	A man stands by the road.	entailment
6837	A man with a blue shirt, SpongeBob shirts, clogs, and white tights stands on the street.	the man is watching tv	contradiction
6838	A man with a blue shirt, SpongeBob shirts, clogs, and white tights stands on the street.	The man is waiting for the mail.	neutral
6839	A small group of people are looking over vegetables at a farmer's market.	There are people at a farmer's market.	entailment
6840	A small group of people are looking over vegetables at a farmer's market.	There is a group of people at a grocery store.	contradiction
6841	A small group of people are looking over vegetables at a farmer's market.	The market is outdoors.	neutral
6842	A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.	the man has a camera	entailment
6843	A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.	the man is fishing	neutral
6844	A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.	the man wore a three piece suit	contradiction
6845	A young man diving into the water.	Someone is diving.	entailment
6846	A young man diving into the water.	There is a diving competition.	neutral
6847	A young man diving into the water.	The man is jumping into a pit of marshmallows.	contradiction
6848	A young guy jumping into the water.	An young man gets out of his car.	contradiction
6849	A young guy jumping into the water.	A young man dives into the cold lake.	neutral
6850	A young guy jumping into the water.	A young man jumped into the water.	entailment
6851	A man jumping and flipping into water.	A man is completing a a trick into the water for the olympics	neutral
6852	A man jumping and flipping into water.	A boy does the doggy paddle	contradiction
6853	A man jumping and flipping into water.	A man is jumping into the water	entailment
6854	A man in blue shorts diving into water.	A man in blue dress	contradiction
6855	A man in blue shorts diving into water.	A man in blue shorts	entailment
6856	A man in blue shorts diving into water.	A man in tight blue shorts	neutral
6857	A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water.	The boy is an intergalactic criminal.	contradiction
6858	A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water.	There is a boy in water.	entailment
6859	A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water.	The boy is at the beach.	neutral
6860	These two women are busy with writing and computer use.	The women are throwing out the garbage.	contradiction
6861	These two women are busy with writing and computer use.	The women are both writers.	neutral
6862	These two women are busy with writing and computer use.	The women are active.	entailment
6863	A girl with a knit dress and leg warmers using a computer.	Her dress is red.	neutral
6864	A girl with a knit dress and leg warmers using a computer.	The electricity is out.	contradiction
6865	A girl with a knit dress and leg warmers using a computer.	The computer is on.	entailment
6866	A woman in a pattern dress leans over a desk and uses a computer.	A woman is scrapbooking with her girlfriends.	contradiction
6867	A woman in a pattern dress leans over a desk and uses a computer.	A woman shows off technical skills while looking feminine.	entailment
6868	A woman in a pattern dress leans over a desk and uses a computer.	The dressy woman is playing The Oregon Trail.	neutral
6869	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a desk using a computer mouse.	A tattooed person is standing office furniture using a mouse.	entailment
6870	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a desk using a computer mouse.	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is sitting on a couch using a computer mouse.	contradiction
6871	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a desk using a computer mouse.	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a brown desk using a black computer mouse.	neutral
6872	A group of people are sitting and looking at the scenery.	A man jumps into the air.	contradiction
6873	A group of people are sitting and looking at the scenery.	A group of people observing the scenery.	entailment
6874	A group of people are sitting and looking at the scenery.	A group of people watching a waterfall.	neutral
6875	A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.	A baseball cap with a red, white and blue logo.	neutral
6876	A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.	A black fedora with no logo.	contradiction
6877	A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.	A baseball cap with a brand name logo.	entailment
6878	A man wearing a tommy hilfiger cap viewing the sites.	The man works for Tommy Hilfiger.	neutral
6879	A man wearing a tommy hilfiger cap viewing the sites.	The man is site seeing.	entailment
6880	A man wearing a tommy hilfiger cap viewing the sites.	The man is wearing a Ralph Lauren hat.	contradiction
6881	Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking.	The women are having a conversation.	entailment
6882	Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking.	The women are ignoring each other.	contradiction
6883	Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking.	The women are talking about the weather.	neutral
6884	Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area.	The women are dressed in all black.	contradiction
6885	Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area.	The women have something on their face.	entailment
6886	Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area.	The women have on pastel blue clothing.	neutral
6887	Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area.	The women are outside.	entailment
6888	Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area.	The women are asleep.	contradiction
6889	Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area.	The women are dating.	neutral
6890	Two women wearing white are walking.	A women are eating in Restaurant.	contradiction
6891	Two women wearing white are walking.	some women are walking in a ground	neutral
6892	Two women wearing white are walking.	two women wearing white colour dress and walk together	entailment
6893	A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.	A man is climbing.	entailment
6894	A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.	A man is biking up a mountain.	contradiction
6895	A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.	A man is trying to break his climbing record.	neutral
6896	a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on	A baseball player jumps over a wall to catch a ball.	contradiction
6897	a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on	A daredevil attempts to scale a large boulder.	neutral
6898	a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on	A man is shirtless.	entailment
6899	There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.	There is a person going upwards on a mountain.	entailment
6900	There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.	There is a British man climbing down a mountain.	contradiction
6901	There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.	There is a local oriental man guiding tourists up a mountain.	neutral
6902	A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.	A climber scaling an incline.	entailment
6903	A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.	A climber climbing an artificial wall.	neutral
6904	A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.	A man sitting inside.	contradiction
6905	The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.	A girl is snorkeling at the bottom of the ocean.	contradiction
6906	The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.	The girl is getting tired from swimming and only her head is above the water.	neutral
6907	The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.	The girl is swimming in the water.	entailment
6908	A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.	The man is standing at the top of the mountain.	contradiction
6909	A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.	The man without a shirt is rock climbing.	entailment
6910	A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.	A guy is climbing up a cliff.	neutral
6911	A red-haired man dancing.	The man is dancing for a crowd.	neutral
6912	A red-haired man dancing.	The man is singing.	contradiction
6913	A red-haired man dancing.	The man is dancing.	entailment
6914	This girl is having so much fun on the swing!	THe girl is sleeping.	contradiction
6915	This girl is having so much fun on the swing!	The girl is having fun	entailment
6916	This girl is having so much fun on the swing!	THe girl is swinging	neutral
6917	An aging rocker performs on stage in a sleeveless shirt and striped pants.	Man watching his idol on stage	contradiction
6918	An aging rocker performs on stage in a sleeveless shirt and striped pants.	Rocker performs as a tribute	neutral
6919	An aging rocker performs on stage in a sleeveless shirt and striped pants.	Rocker performing on stage	entailment
6920	A man in a pirate costume playing an instrument in a band.	There is a group of people, maybe a band, with one person dressed as a pirate	neutral
6921	A man in a pirate costume playing an instrument in a band.	There is a man dressed in pirate costume playing an instrument.	entailment
6922	A man in a pirate costume playing an instrument in a band.	No pirates here	contradiction
6923	A man with a scarf on performs with his band on stage.	There are no instruments	contradiction
6924	A man with a scarf on performs with his band on stage.	The band is famous	neutral
6925	A man with a scarf on performs with his band on stage.	A man is wearing a scard	entailment
6926	People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.	The band wore themed costumes for their gig at the Halloween party.	neutral
6927	People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.	Some people are playing musical instruments.	entailment
6928	People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.	The band is dressed in tuxedos, having drinks at the bar.	contradiction
6929	A white dog is running across a grassy field.	A dog is running around a field.	entailment
6930	A white dog is running across a grassy field.	A black dog is walking home.	contradiction
6931	A white dog is running across a grassy field.	A dog is running around a field while his owner chases him.	neutral
6932	The boy is sliding down a metal slide.	A boy is sliding.	entailment
6933	The boy is sliding down a metal slide.	A boy is sliding down a slide at the park.	neutral
6934	The boy is sliding down a metal slide.	A girl is playing on the see saw.	contradiction
6935	A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.	A girl is swimming in the water.	neutral
6936	A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.	The girl walks on the water.	contradiction
6937	A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.	There is a girl in the water.	entailment
6938	A man in a wheelchair and a blond woman play badminton with three youths.	The man and woman are teaching the children the game of badminton.	neutral
6939	A man in a wheelchair and a blond woman play badminton with three youths.	The couple and children are running in a marathon.	contradiction
6940	A man in a wheelchair and a blond woman play badminton with three youths.	A couple plays with the children.	entailment
6941	A person in a wheelchair plays a netted sport with three players in green shirts while being coached by an older woman off to his left.	The people are eating dinner.	contradiction
6942	A person in a wheelchair plays a netted sport with three players in green shirts while being coached by an older woman off to his left.	The people are playing basketball.	neutral
6943	A person in a wheelchair plays a netted sport with three players in green shirts while being coached by an older woman off to his left.	The people are playing a game.	entailment
6944	People playing in a gym with a net.	A gym class plays with a net during school.	neutral
6945	People playing in a gym with a net.	People playing in a gym.	entailment
6946	People playing in a gym with a net.	A doctor examining a patient.	contradiction
6947	People playing badminton in a gymnasium.	People are in the gym.	neutral
6948	People playing badminton in a gymnasium.	People are outside playing.	contradiction
6949	People playing badminton in a gymnasium.	People playing badminton in the gym.	entailment
6950	a crippled women playing a sport.	A disabled woman is participating in a sport.	entailment
6951	a crippled women playing a sport.	A disabled woman is playing soccer.	neutral
6952	a crippled women playing a sport.	A baby yawns at his mother.	contradiction
6953	A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass.	A smiling boy is in the grass.	entailment
6954	A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass.	A sad boy is being dragged home on the sidewalk.	contradiction
6955	A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass.	A boy is at the park.	neutral
6956	A bearded man, and a girl in a red dress are getting married.	The two people are getting married.	entailment
6957	A bearded man, and a girl in a red dress are getting married.	The two people are going to live happily ever after.	neutral
6958	A bearded man, and a girl in a red dress are getting married.	The beared man and the girl are getting a divorce.	contradiction
6959	A man with a white hat on a scooter.	A man is on a 2 wheeler.	entailment
6960	A man with a white hat on a scooter.	The Statue of Liberty does the polka.	contradiction
6961	A man with a white hat on a scooter.	Someone is outdoors.	neutral
6962	A white British Airways plane on the airstrip.	there is a plane	entailment
6963	A white British Airways plane on the airstrip.	the plane is full	neutral
6964	A white British Airways plane on the airstrip.	the plane is orange	contradiction
6965	People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	People walking around on a sidewalk at night.	entailment
6966	People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	Men walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	neutral
6967	People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	Dogs walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	contradiction
6968	A dog carries a very big stick through the water.	the dog is carrying a branch that is bigger than him	neutral
6969	A dog carries a very big stick through the water.	the dog carries the stick through water	entailment
6970	A dog carries a very big stick through the water.	the dog is running over the field with a ball	contradiction
6971	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is going to be in a picture.	entailment
6972	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	There is a person smiling.	entailment
6973	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	There is a woman taking a picture.	contradiction
6974	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	Nobody had a camera.	contradiction
6975	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man is starting a forest fire	contradiction
6976	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	A person in an outfit.	entailment
6977	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a girl takes pictures of a sad man	contradiction
6978	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	There is an old man holding something.	neutral
6979	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man posing happily for the camera	entailment
6980	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is asleep.	contradiction
6981	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is huge.	neutral
6982	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man holds something and smiles	entailment
6983	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is a clown in a picture.	neutral
6984	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man holds a prize for the camera	neutral
6985	The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man is posing happily for the camera on his birthday	neutral
6986	Children watching a man and another child in front of them.	Two kids watch a dad and his son play catch.	neutral
6987	Children watching a man and another child in front of them.	A child watches a dad and his son play catch.	neutral
6988	Children watching a man and another child in front of them.	Children observe other people.	entailment
6989	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men are out at sea deep-sea fishing for swordfish and tuna.	contradiction
6990	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Tired people inspecting	neutral
6991	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	There are huge fishing nets gathered on a beach.	entailment
6992	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Two men inspect fishing nets on a beach.	entailment
6993	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Two men inspect fishing nets on a beach to catch fish to eat.	neutral
6994	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	A group of men are working with fishing nets.	entailment
6995	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	People inspecting	entailment
6996	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	An empty field.	contradiction
6997	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Two women inspect fishing nets on a beach to catch fish to eat.	contradiction
6998	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	The men are getting ready to go on a fishing excursion.	neutral
6999	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men playing football on the beach.	contradiction
7000	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	One man out of ten finds a sea turtle trapped in a fish net and calls the other nine over to help him release it.	neutral
7001	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men on a beach.	entailment
7002	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men inspect full fishing nets.	neutral
7003	Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	The men are going to bed.	contradiction
7004	A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches.	A man in only a red robe puts on a magic show.	contradiction
7005	A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches.	A young girl volunteers in a magic show.	neutral
7006	A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches.	A group of people are watching a show.	entailment
7007	A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.	The girl is performing in a parade.	neutral
7008	A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.	The girl is skating with a dog on her shoulders.	contradiction
7009	A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.	There are people outside.	entailment
7010	Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.	The person is male	neutral
7011	Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.	The person is wearing shorts	entailment
7012	Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.	The crowd is beating the person	contradiction
7013	Several men making a net on a beach.	The men are cleaning their guns before battle.	contradiction
7014	Several men making a net on a beach.	The men are going to catch fish with this net later in the day.	neutral
7015	Several men making a net on a beach.	Men are crafting rope in a more useful object.	entailment
7016	The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.	There is a person thats wearing a black shirt.	entailment
7017	The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.	There is a person being recorded while performing.	neutral
7018	The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.	There are a group of people watching a stunt performance indoors.	contradiction
7019	Soldiers in uniform holding guns.	There are guns present.	entailment
7020	Soldiers in uniform holding guns.	Boys are playing with cap guns.	contradiction
7021	Soldiers in uniform holding guns.	New recruits are getting weapons training.	neutral
7022	Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.	The people are at a reenactment.	neutral
7023	Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.	Several people are rolling a cannon.	entailment
7024	Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.	The people and the like jerseys are playing volleyball.	contradiction
7025	A man and a woman playfully fight and hang from support railings in a subway car.	A man and woman sit quietly on a bus.	contradiction
7026	A man and a woman playfully fight and hang from support railings in a subway car.	The subway car is packed as the man and woman play inside it.	neutral
7027	A man and a woman playfully fight and hang from support railings in a subway car.	A man and woman are being playful in a subway car.	entailment
7028	The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.	The boy is coming down the red slide.	neutral
7029	The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.	The boy is on the swing.	contradiction
7030	The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.	The boy is coming down the slide.	entailment
7031	A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.	A boy slides down while his friends watch.	neutral
7032	A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.	A boy goes down a slide.	entailment
7033	A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.	A boy jumps in the pool.	contradiction
7034	Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.	A boy sliding down a slide at the playground.	neutral
7035	Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.	A boy sliding down a slide.	entailment
7036	Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.	A boy running up a slide.	contradiction
7037	A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.	The inflatable slide is sitting collapsed along the ground.	contradiction
7038	A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.	There is an inflatable slide at the company picnic.	neutral
7039	A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.	A child plays on an inflatable slide.	entailment
7040	A boy speeding down a steep slide.	A boy swinging in the air	contradiction
7041	A boy speeding down a steep slide.	A boy is on playground equipment	entailment
7042	A boy speeding down a steep slide.	A child is sliding down to his friends	neutral
7043	A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box.	A woman wearing a yellow shirt is looking up.	contradiction
7044	A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box.	A man wearing a yellow t-shirt is looking down.	neutral
7045	A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box.	A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down.	entailment
7046	Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish.	Two men are fishing off a pier.	contradiction
7047	Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish.	Two men clean fish they caught.	neutral
7048	Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish.	A couple men are cleaning their fish on a dock.	entailment
7049	Two men standing on a pier over a captured fish.	A couple of men stand by a caught fish	entailment
7050	Two men standing on a pier over a captured fish.	Two men stand over a large bass fish	neutral
7051	Two men standing on a pier over a captured fish.	Two women stomp on a rubber toy fish	contradiction
7052	A gray-haired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish.	The men are fishing at a large lake.	neutral
7053	A gray-haired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish.	The men on the pier caught a fish.	entailment
7054	A gray-haired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish.	The men are sitting on a pier catching fish.	contradiction
7055	Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.	A pair of men are looking at boats.	entailment
7056	Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.	A pair of men are sailors about read to get out to sea.	neutral
7057	Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.	A pair of men are watching television.	contradiction
7058	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.	A laughing baby is in a ball pit.	neutral
7059	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls.	entailment
7060	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.	An old man is surrounded by balls.	contradiction
7061	Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.	A little girl is buried in colored plastic balls.	entailment
7062	Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.	A little girl is in a ball pit.	neutral
7063	Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.	A little girl is playing baseball.	contradiction
7064	Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.	Three pitbulls are racing on a track.	contradiction
7065	Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.	These greyhounds are ranked as fastest in the world.	neutral
7066	Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.	The greyhounds are racing on a track.	entailment
7067	A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.	A child is about to play a game	neutral
7068	A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.	A child is frowning	contradiction
7069	A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.	A child is happy	entailment
7070	A young woman sitting on a large tool chest paints her face silver.	The woman paints her face.	entailment
7071	A young woman sitting on a large tool chest paints her face silver.	The woman paints her face for fun.	neutral
7072	A young woman sitting on a large tool chest paints her face silver.	The woman is removing her makeup.	contradiction
7073	A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater, applying facial makeup.	A woman naps on her couch.	contradiction
7074	A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater, applying facial makeup.	A woman gets ready for a date with her boyfriend.	neutral
7075	A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater, applying facial makeup.	The woman has blond hair.	entailment
7076	Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.	The young blond woman is outdoors.	entailment
7077	Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.	The woman is wearing Covergirl makeup.	neutral
7078	Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.	The woman is running in the park.	contradiction
7079	A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall, while a woman looks and smiles.	She is outdoors.	neutral
7080	A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall, while a woman looks and smiles.	She is window shopping.	contradiction
7081	A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall, while a woman looks and smiles.	She is looking at the furniture.	entailment
7082	A woman focuses her Canon DLP, surrounded by green trees and grass.	A woman throws her camera at a tree screaming.	contradiction
7083	A woman focuses her Canon DLP, surrounded by green trees and grass.	A woman is using her camera outside.	entailment
7084	A woman focuses her Canon DLP, surrounded by green trees and grass.	A woman is trying to take a picture of a rare butterfly.	neutral
7085	Dark hair woman taking a photo with a canon camera that has a large zoom.	She is a professional photographer	neutral
7086	Dark hair woman taking a photo with a canon camera that has a large zoom.	She is having a pedicure at the salon	contradiction
7087	Dark hair woman taking a photo with a canon camera that has a large zoom.	There is a woman in this picture	entailment
7088	A woman wearing several bracelets holds a canon photograph up to take a photo.	A woman holds up a canon to take a phot of the wildlife.	neutral
7089	A woman wearing several bracelets holds a canon photograph up to take a photo.	A woman holds up a canon to take a photo.	entailment
7090	A woman wearing several bracelets holds a canon photograph up to take a photo.	A woman tries to run from police for shoplifting.	contradiction
7091	A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.	A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling hard on a rope pulley	entailment
7092	A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.	A construction worker is pulling on a rope	neutral
7093	A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.	A man pulls a rope and rings a bell	contradiction
7094	A man in a yellow work helmet has a rope in his hand.	A lady is working in an office.	contradiction
7095	A man in a yellow work helmet has a rope in his hand.	A man wearing a helmet is working on construction.	neutral
7096	A man in a yellow work helmet has a rope in his hand.	A man wearing a helmet is working.	neutral
7097	A man pulling on a rope, he's doing this wearing a yellow hard hat.	A woman is pulling on a rope, while wearing a red hat.	contradiction
7098	A man pulling on a rope, he's doing this wearing a yellow hard hat.	A man is pulling a rope.	entailment
7099	A man pulling on a rope, he's doing this wearing a yellow hard hat.	A construction worker is pulling a rope.	neutral
7100	A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.	There is a woman in the park with a camera.	neutral
7101	A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.	There is a woman that is taking photos.	entailment
7102	A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.	There is a woman on a bench in a park.	contradiction
7103	A middle-aged man with a black and white shirt building an airplane in a field with cars all around.	A man is building something.	entailment
7104	A middle-aged man with a black and white shirt building an airplane in a field with cars all around.	A man is building a large sandcastle on the beach.	contradiction
7105	A middle-aged man with a black and white shirt building an airplane in a field with cars all around.	A man is building a huge airplane in the field.	neutral
7106	Official looking people view a map.	People look at a map.	entailment
7107	Official looking people view a map.	City planners view a map of the neighborhood.	neutral
7108	Official looking people view a map.	Kids make their own treasure map.	contradiction
7109	A group of men are looking at multiple maps.	Men are looking at directions.	neutral
7110	A group of men are looking at multiple maps.	Men are reading books together.	contradiction
7111	A group of men are looking at multiple maps.	Men are looking at maps together.	entailment
7112	Five men looking at a topographical map.	the men try to find the treasure on the map	neutral
7113	Five men looking at a topographical map.	the map is looked at	entailment
7114	Five men looking at a topographical map.	the men are blind and are sleeping	contradiction
7115	A group of workers are staring at a map and two men are pointing at the map.	The men are making a decision.	neutral
7116	A group of workers are staring at a map and two men are pointing at the map.	The men and workers are deciding where to go for lunch.	contradiction
7117	A group of workers are staring at a map and two men are pointing at the map.	The men and workers are discussing a location	entailment
7118	A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.	 A group of men is standing.	entailment
7119	A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.	A group of men sleeping in the hay.	contradiction
7120	A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.	 A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map of South America.	neutral
7121	Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn	Two motorcycle drivers making a turn simultaneously.	entailment
7122	Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn	A motorcycle collision.	contradiction
7123	Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn	A motorcycle race.	neutral
7124	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	There is a motorcycle race.	entailment
7125	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The track in the picture is not perfectly flat.	entailment
7126	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two people on bikes are driving on a track.	entailment
7127	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The cat runs away from the dog on a motorcycle.	contradiction
7128	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Cars are racing around a track.	contradiction
7129	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclist racing in MotoGP	neutral
7130	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Motorcyclist wearing his gloves before race	contradiction
7131	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclists are wearing helmets.	neutral
7132	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclists are standing near their bikes.	contradiction
7133	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclists are outside.	entailment
7134	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two women are racing their motorcycles.	neutral
7135	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two men racing on motorcycles are very close to one another.	neutral
7136	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The only vehicle that anyone who is visible has ever driven is a car or SUV.	contradiction
7137	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	There is some risk that somebody could be at least a little injured.	neutral
7138	Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclist racing	entailment
7139	Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow, blue and green colors.	The drivers are going at high speeds	neutral
7140	Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow, blue and green colors.	The drivers are racing	entailment
7141	Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow, blue and green colors.	THe drivers are sleeping	contradiction
7142	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Motorcyclists are in a close race around a corner.	entailment
7143	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are indoors.	contradiction
7144	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Motorcyclists are stopped at a stop sign.	contradiction
7145	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two bicyclists are racing around a corner.	contradiction
7146	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are rivals.	neutral
7147	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists race.	entailment
7148	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are moving fast.	entailment
7149	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists race to see who's motorcycle is faster.	neutral
7150	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcycles drive themselves around a corner.	contradiction
7151	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists participating in a race.	neutral
7152	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Motorcyclists dressed in different uniforms race around a corner in a stadium.	neutral
7153	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are riding dirt bikes.	neutral
7154	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The two motorcyclists are racing each other.	entailment
7155	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists didn't finish the race.	contradiction
7156	Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists are riding their bikes.	entailment
7157	Two motorcycle racers are in a close race.	Two people are competing.	entailment
7158	Two motorcycle racers are in a close race.	The two racers are riding road bikes.	neutral
7159	Two motorcycle racers are in a close race.	Some people are inspecting their motorcycles.	contradiction
7160	Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter, one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap.	Two men making fun of jewish cap	contradiction
7161	Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter, one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap.	Men discussing their jewish woman eneds	neutral
7162	Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter, one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap.	Three men In a shelter	entailment
7163	Three older men, one with a yarmulke, one with glasses, and one with a striped shirt are talking.	People having a conversation.	entailment
7164	Three older men, one with a yarmulke, one with glasses, and one with a striped shirt are talking.	A girl getting a haircut.	contradiction
7165	Three older men, one with a yarmulke, one with glasses, and one with a striped shirt are talking.	A Jewish man talking to two other guys.	neutral
7166	Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida.	The boys enjoyed the Florida beach.	contradiction
7167	Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida.	The men talked about their seminar in Florida.	entailment
7168	Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida.	The men enjoyed their time in Florida	neutral
7169	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	This road worker at the intersection loves his job.	neutral
7170	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man is directing traffic.	neutral
7171	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The man is dancing on stage.	contradiction
7172	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man in a hard hat is standing at an intersection with a flag.	entailment
7173	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man in an orange hard hat is standing at the intersection.	contradiction
7174	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A construction worker is directing traffic around the sinkhole in the intersection.	neutral
7175	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A person is dressed to be easily seen.	entailment
7176	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man is holding a flag.	entailment
7177	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	There is construction going on.	neutral
7178	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The man wearing a blue hard hat and orange safety vest is the boss.	neutral
7179	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The Village People have reunited.	contradiction
7180	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A road worker stands at a intersection working.	entailment
7181	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The man has on a blue vest.	contradiction
7182	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man stands at an intersection.	entailment
7183	A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The road worker at the intersection had a pirate flag.	contradiction
7184	Three men talking to each other and drinking.	Three women are going for a bike ride.	contradiction
7185	Three men talking to each other and drinking.	Three men are drinking and talking.	entailment
7186	Three men talking to each other and drinking.	Three men are enjoying happy hour after work.	neutral
7187	A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A man showing off his dance moves on the floor.	contradiction
7188	A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A man sitting while people dance.	entailment
7189	A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A man watching his parents dance at their anniversary.	neutral
7190	A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games.	A group of people are playing Dungeons and Dragons at a table.	contradiction
7191	A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games.	A group of people are playing computer games.	entailment
7192	A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games.	A group of gamers are having a LAN party.	neutral
7193	A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game.	A group of children are putting together a jigsaw puzzle on a low table.	contradiction
7194	A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game.	Some young people are playing computer games.	entailment
7195	A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game.	A group of college students play World of Warcraft in their dorm room.	neutral
7196	A woman squatting in dirt with a large bin of potatoes in front of her.	The woman is sitting in the bleachers.	contradiction
7197	A woman squatting in dirt with a large bin of potatoes in front of her.	The woman is outside.	entailment
7198	A woman squatting in dirt with a large bin of potatoes in front of her.	The woman is picking her potatoes.	neutral
7199	A larger man in a leaf-printed shirt is working with his remote controlled airplane.	A heavyset man in a leaf-printed shirt is playing with an RC airplane.	entailment
7200	A larger man in a leaf-printed shirt is working with his remote controlled airplane.	A woman in a business suit is drinking coffe.	contradiction
7201	A larger man in a leaf-printed shirt is working with his remote controlled airplane.	A heavyset man in a bright red-and-blue hawaiian shirt is playing with an RC airplane.	neutral
7202	A woman stands on a sidewalk behind a table filled with hats.	The lady is standing on a walkway.	entailment
7203	A woman stands on a sidewalk behind a table filled with hats.	The lady is standing, waiting for someone.	neutral
7204	A woman stands on a sidewalk behind a table filled with hats.	The lady is running.	contradiction
7205	a group of people enjoying a thrill ride at an amusement park.	people at the amusement park	entailment
7206	a group of people enjoying a thrill ride at an amusement park.	hard at work in the steel mill	contradiction
7207	a group of people enjoying a thrill ride at an amusement park.	field trip to disneyland	neutral
7208	two people in a crowd are looking up	there is a crowd of people	entailment
7209	two people in a crowd are looking up	there is only one person their waiting	contradiction
7210	two people in a crowd are looking up	they are getting ready to watch fireworks	neutral
7211	People looking up at the sky at something.	People close their eyes, bow their heads, and pray.	contradiction
7212	People looking up at the sky at something.	People look up.	entailment
7213	People looking up at the sky at something.	Hearing screaming, the soccer players look up just in time to see the flaming hot air balloon hit the water tower.	neutral
7214	A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.	A crowd gathers together.	entailment
7215	A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.	A group of people want to take pictures of the airplane show.	neutral
7216	A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.	A group of people are swimming in the community pool.	contradiction
7217	Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.	Some people looked above them.	entailment
7218	Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.	The crowd were all looking at their cell phones.	contradiction
7219	Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.	Some of the people thought they saw a UFO.	neutral
7220	A young woman wearing a colorful flower shirt is taking a photo on a busy street.	A man is hunting animals.	contradiction
7221	A young woman wearing a colorful flower shirt is taking a photo on a busy street.	A woman is on a street	entailment
7222	A young woman wearing a colorful flower shirt is taking a photo on a busy street.	A woman likes to take photos	neutral
7223	Asian spectators.	People are watching	entailment
7224	Asian spectators.	The Englishmen are playing a soccer game.	contradiction
7225	Asian spectators.	Asians are watching a game.	neutral
7226	A man holding a glass and talking to an elderly woman.	A man is hitting the elderly woman.	contradiction
7227	A man holding a glass and talking to an elderly woman.	A man is talking to an old woman.	entailment
7228	A man holding a glass and talking to an elderly woman.	A man is drinking wine.	neutral
7229	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A man is riding a motorcycle up a mountain.	neutral
7230	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A person is riding a motorcyle.	entailment
7231	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A Man on a Motorcycle drives up a Mountain, while his friend has problems with his Bike.	neutral
7232	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A Biker drives up a Mountain with his friend waiting on the foot of it.	entailment
7233	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	While one bike remains stationary, a driver of another motorcycle drives up a green mountain.	entailment
7234	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A bicycle is cruising the streets.	contradiction
7235	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcycle is going up the side of a mountain.	entailment
7236	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	One Biker chases another on a Mountain Road.	contradiction
7237	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	There are two motorcycles but one is broken	neutral
7238	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two motorcylists are driving up a mountain.	contradiction
7239	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcylist is driving.	entailment
7240	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcylist is on vacation.	neutral
7241	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two cyclists drove down the side of a brown mountain.	contradiction
7242	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcyclist wearing a helmet drove up the side of a green mountain while another cyclist stayed behind because he didn't feel good.	neutral
7243	A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two motorcycles are driving up a mountain.	contradiction
7244	A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt.	The man is wearing a sweatshirt.	entailment
7245	A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt.	The man is not wearing a shirt.	contradiction
7246	A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt.	The man bought the shirt in Alaska.	neutral
7247	A man talking to old woman in restaurant while holding a wineglass.	This man doesn't drink.	contradiction
7248	A man talking to old woman in restaurant while holding a wineglass.	The man and woman talk	entailment
7249	A man talking to old woman in restaurant while holding a wineglass.	These people enjoy mothers day	neutral
7250	A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.	Dogs are not paying	contradiction
7251	A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.	After a game a man wearing an Alaska shirt and baseball cap is buying scratchers to win money	neutral
7252	A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.	After a game a man wearing an Alaska shirt and baseball cap is buying scratchers	entailment
7253	a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.	A man and lady are talking.	entailment
7254	a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.	A man is talking to his grandmother	neutral
7255	a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.	A man is sitting alone.	contradiction
7256	A wedding party walks out of a building.	the new couple leave the building.	neutral
7257	A wedding party walks out of a building.	the bride and groom walk into the ocean.	contradiction
7258	A wedding party walks out of a building.	the bride and groom walk outside.	entailment
7259	A brown dog is licking its nose.	A black dog is licking themselves.	contradiction
7260	A brown dog is licking its nose.	A dog is using it's tongue to clean their nose.	entailment
7261	A brown dog is licking its nose.	A dog is licking peanut butter off their nose.	neutral
7262	People mingle in a crowded bar.	The room has wide expanses of empty floor.	contradiction
7263	People mingle in a crowded bar.	There are people of both genders.	neutral
7264	People mingle in a crowded bar.	The people are predominately adults.	entailment
7265	A man in a Hawaiian shirt putting together an airplane model.	The man is wearing a shirt.	entailment
7266	A man in a Hawaiian shirt putting together an airplane model.	The man is sniffing the glue.	neutral
7267	A man in a Hawaiian shirt putting together an airplane model.	The man is building a house.	contradiction
7268	Several people standing around at a party.	the people are celebrating something	neutral
7269	Several people standing around at a party.	no one showed up to the party	contradiction
7270	Several people standing around at a party.	people at a party	entailment
7271	A group of people, holding drinks are standing around talking.	Some people are holding beverages.	entailment
7272	A group of people, holding drinks are standing around talking.	The people are at a party.	neutral
7273	A group of people, holding drinks are standing around talking.	The people are sitting in a hot tub.	contradiction
7274	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A dog has his mouth open	entailment
7275	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	a dog sleeps at the pound	contradiction
7276	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	a dog wonders what the camera tastes like	neutral
7277	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The dog is smiling for the camera	neutral
7278	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The brown dog pauses to look at the camera.	entailment
7279	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A dog poses for a picture	entailment
7280	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	An animal is looking at the camera.	entailment
7281	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The brown dog takes interest in the camera and looks directly at it.	neutral
7282	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	An exhausted dog	neutral
7283	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A brown dog is lying on the grass with his tongue sticking out looking at the camera.	neutral
7284	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The black dog with his tongue out looked away from the camera.	contradiction
7285	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	a dog looks at the camera	entailment
7286	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A brown dog chewing on a bone.	contradiction
7287	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A chipmunk	contradiction
7288	A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The dog is running around	contradiction
7289	A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.	A man in track shoes running.	contradiction
7290	A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.	A woman who lost a shoe playing on a swing.	entailment
7291	A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.	A woman in a park.	neutral
7292	A woman in glasses with short, dark hair wearing light capri style pants, green t-shirt and sandals on a swing.	A man is sitting on a swing.	contradiction
7293	A woman in glasses with short, dark hair wearing light capri style pants, green t-shirt and sandals on a swing.	A woman is sitting on a swing.	entailment
7294	A woman in glasses with short, dark hair wearing light capri style pants, green t-shirt and sandals on a swing.	A mother is sitting on a swing.	neutral
7295	A woman who has lost one shoe is swinging.	A woman plays on a swing for the first time.	neutral
7296	A woman who has lost one shoe is swinging.	A man falls off a swing.	contradiction
7297	A woman who has lost one shoe is swinging.	A woman wearing only one shoe swings.	entailment
7298	A black motorcycle parked in a parking lot in front of a grass filled hill.	Red motorcycle tipped over	contradiction
7299	A black motorcycle parked in a parking lot in front of a grass filled hill.	Black bike parked	entailment
7300	A black motorcycle parked in a parking lot in front of a grass filled hill.	Black motorcycle being displayed for pictures	neutral
7301	A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe.	The woman was watching tv with one shoe	contradiction
7302	A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe.	The woman lost her other shoe and cant find it	neutral
7303	A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe.	A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe	entailment
7304	Three people are jogging together in a race.	There are three horses running in a race.	contradiction
7305	Three people are jogging together in a race.	There are three people in a race jogging together.	entailment
7306	Three people are jogging together in a race.	There are three women jogging in a race together.	neutral
7307	An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building.	The artist is also a street performer.	neutral
7308	An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building.	There is a clown laughing in a hotel room.	contradiction
7309	An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building.	There is an artist painting while standing in the street.	entailment
7310	A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.	A gardener picks raspberries with leathe gloves.	contradiction
7311	A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.	A person picks garbanzo beans with bear paws for hands.	neutral
7312	A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.	A person is outdoors gardening with no gloves on.	entailment
7313	A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.	The man is going for a ride on an animal	entailment
7314	A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.	The man is wearing a sombrero	neutral
7315	A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.	The man is riding a horse	contradiction
7316	A man in a blue outfit is riding a small horse.	The man is riding a small horse.	entailment
7317	A man in a blue outfit is riding a small horse.	The man rode a small horse that he was going to buy for his daughter.	neutral
7318	A man in a blue outfit is riding a small horse.	The man rode a gigantic horse.	contradiction
7319	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man rides a horse.	entailment
7320	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is riding a horse into a tree.	contradiction
7321	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man rides past a vivid green tree.	entailment
7322	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is at a baseball game.	contradiction
7323	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A gentleman enjoys horseriding in front of a colorful home.	entailment
7324	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man in a white turban is mowing his lawn.	contradiction
7325	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	a man rides a horse	entailment
7326	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is riding the horse to town.	neutral
7327	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man rides off with his beloved, carrying her on his noble stallion.	contradiction
7328	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	There is a man riding a horse by a bright tree and a colorful house.	entailment
7329	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A horserider comes to the home to pick up his love.	neutral
7330	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A person in blue clothes rides a light colored equine.	neutral
7331	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	the man is driving a car	contradiction
7332	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is riding through the desert.	neutral
7333	A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	the man is a sheik	neutral
7334	A man riding a donkey in front of a mustard building.	A man is riding an animal.	entailment
7335	A man riding a donkey in front of a mustard building.	A man is riding an animal while a rat rests in his shirt pocket.	neutral
7336	A man riding a donkey in front of a mustard building.	A man is riding a bike through a park.	contradiction
7337	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	The two players kicking the ball are on opposing teams.	contradiction
7338	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	Professional athletes are playing an exciting game of soccer.	neutral
7339	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	Two teams of people are playing soccer.	entailment
7340	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	a bunch of people play soccer	entailment
7341	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	a bunch of people play soccer for the championship	neutral
7342	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	The teams are preparing for a game.	neutral
7343	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player on a team passes a basketball.	contradiction
7344	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player passes the soccer ball to his teammate while the other team watches.	entailment
7345	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A basketball game is going on at a park.	contradiction
7346	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	People are playing sports.	entailment
7347	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player on the white and blue team hits a baseball towards his teammate while the players on the red team aren't looking.	contradiction
7348	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	a bunch of people cook eggs on a soccer field	contradiction
7349	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	Two soccer teams are playing a scrimmage	neutral
7350	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	The white and blue team are kicking the ball around.	entailment
7351	A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A soccer game is happening.	neutral
7352	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A goalie is holding a soccer ball.	contradiction
7353	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer game is being played.	entailment
7354	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	Teammates watch a soccer player.	neutral
7355	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The soccer player is an adult.	neutral
7356	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	There is a soccer match.	entailment
7357	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer player is kicking a ball to his teammate.	entailment
7358	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The team in blue is winning the game.	neutral
7359	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	One team's colors are blue and white and the other team's color is red.	entailment
7360	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The blue team is winning the match.	neutral
7361	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer player is about to score a goal.	neutral
7362	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer player is standing on the sidelines.	contradiction
7363	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The teams are wearing blue and red.	entailment
7364	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The teams are wearing pink and orange.	contradiction
7365	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The ball is a tennis ball.	contradiction
7366	A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A red team and a blue team play basketball.	contradiction
7367	Past the tree, a man is riding a donkey.	The man rides a horse	contradiction
7368	Past the tree, a man is riding a donkey.	The donkey is moving quickly	neutral
7369	Past the tree, a man is riding a donkey.	The man is on a donkey	entailment
7370	A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.	There are kids playing ball in a soccer tournament.	neutral
7371	A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.	Some kids are playing ball.	entailment
7372	A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.	A group of kids are running track.	contradiction
7373	A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it.	The man is destorying a masterpiece.	contradiction
7374	A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it.	The man is painting.	entailment
7375	A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it.	The man enjoys the arts.	neutral
7376	A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	A cat with a ball	contradiction
7377	A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	A dog with a tennis ball	neutral
7378	A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	A dog with a ball	entailment
7379	An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.	A man and woman are having trouble maneuvering a contraption	neutral
7380	An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.	A man and woman are sleeping in bed	contradiction
7381	An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.	A man and woman are maneuvering a contraption	entailment
7382	A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.	A bike rider is traveling along the street	entailment
7383	A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.	A bike rider crashes his bike	contradiction
7384	A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.	A bicyclist is riding towards campus	neutral
7385	There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.	fisherman looking for the fish he lost	neutral
7386	There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.	Fisherman laying on a beach chair	contradiction
7387	There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.	Fisherman standing in water	entailment
7388	Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	People are walking along the beach.	contradiction
7389	Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	Heavy equipment is on the beach.	entailment
7390	Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	People are working today.	entailment
7391	A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.	the child is picking flowers	neutral
7392	A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.	a child is playing	entailment
7393	A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.	the child watched a movie	contradiction
7394	Workers in baseball hats in their bright office.	Two workers are playing frisbee outside.	contradiction
7395	Workers in baseball hats in their bright office.	Some workers are taking a coffee break in their office.	neutral
7396	Workers in baseball hats in their bright office.	Two workers are inside an office building.	entailment
7397	A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.	A man looks over the water.	entailment
7398	A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.	A man is swimming in the water while he stands on the ground looking at the water.	contradiction
7399	A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.	A man is getting ready to throw something in the water.	neutral
7400	Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen.	The people are working on a research project.	neutral
7401	Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen.	The people are outdoors.	contradiction
7402	Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen.	The people are indoors.	entailment
7403	Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them.	people look at computers	entailment
7404	Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them.	woman golfs outside	contradiction
7405	Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them.	people play game	neutral
7406	Two employees wearing white caps are working at two computer screens in a dimly lit room.	In a dimly lit room, two employees wearing white caps are working on computer	entailment
7407	Two employees wearing white caps are working at two computer screens in a dimly lit room.	Few men cooking with a metal box	contradiction
7408	Two employees wearing white caps are working at two computer screens in a dimly lit room.	Two people working on computer	neutral
7409	Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.	People working on software code.	neutral
7410	Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.	People stare up at the moon.	contradiction
7411	Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.	People looking at a computer.	entailment
7412	A person on a blue scooter waits at a crosswalk.	Person riding a blue scooter made by Vespa	neutral
7413	A person on a blue scooter waits at a crosswalk.	Person riding a blue scooter	entailment
7414	A person on a blue scooter waits at a crosswalk.	Person riding a blue car	contradiction
7415	An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike.	Someone is outside on the street.	entailment
7416	An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike.	A person is trying to start their motorbike.	neutral
7417	An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike.	Someone is parking their motorbike in the garage.	contradiction
7418	A man with a helmet and a cellphone is sitting on his moped at a crosswalk.	woman chases greased pig	contradiction
7419	A man with a helmet and a cellphone is sitting on his moped at a crosswalk.	crosswalks causing cell phone reception issues	neutral
7420	A man with a helmet and a cellphone is sitting on his moped at a crosswalk.	man uses phone on busy street	entailment
7421	An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike at a crosswalk.	An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike that is going really fast down a freeway.	contradiction
7422	An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike at a crosswalk.	The motorbike has a purple stripe on the side.	neutral
7423	An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike at a crosswalk.	A man sitting on a motorbike is on his phone.	entailment
7424	A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.	The man is at the mall.	contradiction
7425	A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.	The man is outside.	entailment
7426	A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.	The scooter does not run.	neutral
7427	Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.	Someone is wearing a red bandana.	neutral
7428	Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.	Everybody is looking at their hands.	contradiction
7429	Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.	Someone is inside.	entailment
7430	A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.	I'm standing on my head.	contradiction
7431	A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.	A woman sits.	entailment
7432	A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.	Someone looks rightwards.	neutral
7433	It appears they are setting up for the meet.	the people are moving things	entailment
7434	It appears they are setting up for the meet.	the people are meeting on Mars	contradiction
7435	It appears they are setting up for the meet.	the people are working together	neutral
7436	A man in a black bandanna opens a box.	A man is unpacking his moving boxes.	neutral
7437	A man in a black bandanna opens a box.	A man in a red hat throws a box.	contradiction
7438	A man in a black bandanna opens a box.	A person has a box and is looking inside.	entailment
7439	A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.	The man and woman are hiking together.	neutral
7440	A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.	Man and woman in formal attire, ready for a meeting.	contradiction
7441	A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.	Shirtless man posing with a girl in a park.	entailment
7442	A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	the woman is a nudist being nude	contradiction
7443	A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	a woman in red	entailment
7444	A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	the woman is hot	neutral
7445	A closely contested swimming race.	The water is frozen.	contradiction
7446	A closely contested swimming race.	There are females visible in the water	neutral
7447	A closely contested swimming race.	There is water in the photo.	entailment
7448	Two men and one woman are dressed in costume hats.	the people are in costumes	entailment
7449	Two men and one woman are dressed in costume hats.	the people are running through fire	contradiction
7450	Two men and one woman are dressed in costume hats.	the people are swingers	neutral
7451	three people dressed in costumes on a stage.	The people are practicing a performance of Romeo and Juliett.	neutral
7452	three people dressed in costumes on a stage.	The people are not in normal clothing.	entailment
7453	three people dressed in costumes on a stage.	The people are working at an office.	contradiction
7454	People in strange costumes in a play.	People perform in a play.	entailment
7455	People in strange costumes in a play.	People perform Little Red Riding Hood in a play.	neutral
7456	People in strange costumes in a play.	A group of people have lunch together.	contradiction
7457	The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.	THe huskies look at a lamma	neutral
7458	The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.	THe black dogs look at a llama	contradiction
7459	The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.	THe white dogs look at a llama	entailment
7460	Three people acting in a play.	Three people are acting	entailment
7461	Three people acting in a play.	Three people are in a play	neutral
7462	Three people acting in a play.	Three people are sleeping.	contradiction
7463	Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables.	Fruit and vegetable are very popular in outdoor market selling.	neutral
7464	Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables.	Fruit and vegetables sold outside.	entailment
7465	Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables.	Fruit and vegetables cannot be sold outside.	contradiction
7466	A black sheep with three white dogs.	They are in the field	neutral
7467	A black sheep with three white dogs.	There is one dog.	contradiction
7468	A black sheep with three white dogs.	The sheep are black.	entailment
7469	A guy is running away from a black bull.	The people are watching a movie.	contradiction
7470	A guy is running away from a black bull.	A bull is chasing someone.	entailment
7471	A guy is running away from a black bull.	The clown is running from the bull.	neutral
7472	A man running away from a charging bull.	A man is at Running of the Bulls	neutral
7473	A man running away from a charging bull.	A man is running away from a bull	entailment
7474	A man running away from a charging bull.	A man got attacked by a bull	contradiction
7475	Many men wrestling in a pile of mulch.	People are wrestling in mulch.	entailment
7476	Many men wrestling in a pile of mulch.	Men are wrestling in mulch as part of a competition.	neutral
7477	Many men wrestling in a pile of mulch.	Many women are wrestling in a pile of mulch.	contradiction
7478	Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.	The man is a matador.	neutral
7479	Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.	A man is in the same area as a bull.	entailment
7480	Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.	The man is riding the bull.	contradiction
7481	A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch.	The group of men are sleeping.	contradiction
7482	A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch.	Someone lost a bet.	neutral
7483	A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch.	A group of men are fighting.	entailment
7484	A man and a woman are adjusting a costume headpiece on a brown and white cow.	Two people getting a cow ready for display.	neutral
7485	A man and a woman are adjusting a costume headpiece on a brown and white cow.	Two people adjusting clothing on an animal.	entailment
7486	A man and a woman are adjusting a costume headpiece on a brown and white cow.	Two guys tipping a cow over for fun.	contradiction
7487	Three men, one wearing a white shirt and a cowboy hat, and another wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt, and the other in a long-sleeve black shirt are fist fighting each other.	The three men are friends who argued.	neutral
7488	Three men, one wearing a white shirt and a cowboy hat, and another wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt, and the other in a long-sleeve black shirt are fist fighting each other.	The men do not have shirts.	contradiction
7489	Three men, one wearing a white shirt and a cowboy hat, and another wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt, and the other in a long-sleeve black shirt are fist fighting each other.	Three men fight each other.	entailment
7490	A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.	Guys are practicing to be professional wrestlers.	neutral
7491	A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.	Proper young ladies have tea at noon.	contradiction
7492	A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.	Youngsters are ruff housing.	entailment
7493	Several women standing on a sidewalk.	Women are waiting for a bus.	neutral
7494	Several women standing on a sidewalk.	Women are mutated animals.	contradiction
7495	Several women standing on a sidewalk.	Women are on a sidewalk.	entailment
7496	A shirtless man by a concrete wall holds a knife.	The man is armed	entailment
7497	A shirtless man by a concrete wall holds a knife.	The wall has fallen on the man	contradiction
7498	A shirtless man by a concrete wall holds a knife.	The man is about to attack	neutral
7499	A view of people on a street during the day with surrounding buildings.	a view of people on the streets.	neutral
7500	A view of people on a street during the day with surrounding buildings.	a view of people are walking	entailment
7501	A view of people on a street during the day with surrounding buildings.	The people are nowhere to be found.	contradiction
7502	A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.	A man and woman pose in front of a lake.	entailment
7503	A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.	Two guys jump in a lake.	contradiction
7504	A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.	A couple on their honeymoon pose in front of a distant mountain.	neutral
7505	Two woman wearing dresses are standing on a street in the sun.	the women are waiting to cross the street	neutral
7506	Two woman wearing dresses are standing on a street in the sun.	the women are wearing pants	contradiction
7507	Two woman wearing dresses are standing on a street in the sun.	it is a very sunny day	entailment
7508	Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.	The sidewalk is made of whipped cream.	contradiction
7509	Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.	The girls are outside on a street.	entailment
7510	Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.	The girls are waiting outside the building.	neutral
7511	Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball.	Some people are playing.	entailment
7512	Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball.	The girls are practicing for their baseball game.	neutral
7513	Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball.	The people are playing golf.	contradiction
7514	One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.	One girl throws a ball to a teammate.	entailment
7515	One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.	One girl throws towards another near a base.	neutral
7516	One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.	One girl listens to some music.	contradiction
7517	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The dogs are outside in a field.	entailment
7518	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The dogs are in a dog park.	neutral
7519	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The dogs are in car near the grass.	contradiction
7520	A girl with a number seven jersey throws a softball to her teammate.	The girl made an out by throwing to her teammate.	neutral
7521	A girl with a number seven jersey throws a softball to her teammate.	The girl's jersey had an odd number on it.	entailment
7522	A girl with a number seven jersey throws a softball to her teammate.	The girls sat inside doing homework.	contradiction
7523	The dog is running through a field.	A mammal runs.	entailment
7524	The dog is running through a field.	The hound chases the fox.	neutral
7525	The dog is running through a field.	The dog rests.	contradiction
7526	Happy Amusement Park riders on a theme park ride.	People riding a park ride.	entailment
7527	Happy Amusement Park riders on a theme park ride.	Happy Amusement Park riders on an elephant.	contradiction
7528	Happy Amusement Park riders on a theme park ride.	Happy Amusement Park riders on a roller coaster.	neutral
7529	Several people walking across an intersection.	People cross the road.	entailment
7530	Several people walking across an intersection.	A sorority girl throws up.	contradiction
7531	Several people walking across an intersection.	The Beatles cross Abbey Road.	neutral
7532	Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	Tourist on the plane ride home	contradiction
7533	Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	Tourist taking pictures on their trip to egypt	neutral
7534	Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	Tourist standing next to statues	entailment
7535	A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk.	A woman crosses the street.	entailment
7536	A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk.	The crosswalk has other people at it.	neutral
7537	A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk.	A woman waits on the corner.	contradiction
7538	A wedding couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	A wedding couple are being photographed on a busy street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	neutral
7539	A wedding couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	A couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	entailment
7540	A wedding couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	A boxing couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	contradiction
7541	A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.	Young people take a funny picture with a camel statue outside.	entailment
7542	A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.	A young person waits in line on picture day.	contradiction
7543	A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.	A group of young people take a goofy picture of themselves for their yearbook outside with a camel statue.	neutral
7544	Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time.	The statue has special meaning to their culture.	neutral
7545	Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time.	The Asian people are looking at the monument and do not like the heat of the summer.	contradiction
7546	Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time.	The Asian people seem very happy as the look at the statue.	entailment
7547	People standing near a statue posing for a photograph.	A pigeon poops on a man's head.	contradiction
7548	People standing near a statue posing for a photograph.	People posing.	entailment
7549	People standing near a statue posing for a photograph.	A family poses at the base of the Statue of Liberty.	neutral
7550	A couple of people crossing the street.	Some people are walking inside a building.	contradiction
7551	A couple of people crossing the street.	Some pedestrians are in the road.	entailment
7552	A couple of people crossing the street.	Some pedestrians are using a crosswalk to get across a busy road.	neutral
7553	A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing.	The people are laughing.	entailment
7554	A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing.	The people are at a comedy club.	neutral
7555	A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing.	The people are at a airport flying on luggage bags.	contradiction
7556	An Irish dancer performs a solo.	A male is moving his body.	entailment
7557	An Irish dancer performs a solo.	The Irish dancer is asleep.	contradiction
7558	An Irish dancer performs a solo.	The famous irish dancer is performing his last solo before he retires.	neutral
7559	A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.	A fireman is securing the area with tape.	neutral
7560	A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.	A fireman is climbing a ladder.	contradiction
7561	A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.	A fireman is working.	entailment
7562	a dog swimming through the water	The dog sits on the shore.	contradiction
7563	a dog swimming through the water	There is a dog in the water.	entailment
7564	a dog swimming through the water	A dog paddles in the lake.	neutral
7565	A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post.	A firefighter is getting into a helicopter	contradiction
7566	A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post.	A firefighter is securing the scene after a fire	neutral
7567	A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post.	A firefighter is standing by a light post	entailment
7568	A woman sitting in a chair with her hand on her head while she is looking a piece of paper.	The woman is standing in line waiting for a bus	contradiction
7569	A woman sitting in a chair with her hand on her head while she is looking a piece of paper.	The woman is worried that she can't find the receipt for her shoes	neutral
7570	A woman sitting in a chair with her hand on her head while she is looking a piece of paper.	The woman is sitting down searching for something	neutral
7571	a white dog runs along the beach	The dog is asleep in his dog house.	contradiction
7572	a white dog runs along the beach	The dog is outside.	entailment
7573	a white dog runs along the beach	The dog is playing fetch.	neutral
7574	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern glass and stone buildings ruin the setting.	contradiction
7575	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings complete the setting.	neutral
7576	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are multiple buildings in the setting.	entailment
7577	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two buildings made of glass and stone overlook the beach	neutral
7578	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	The two buildings are post-modern.	contradiction
7579	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings are on fire.	contradiction
7580	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are no buildings.	contradiction
7581	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings complement the setting.	entailment
7582	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Some other buildings are made of concrete.	neutral
7583	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Five buildings are overlooking the ocean	contradiction
7584	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are two beautiful buildings.	neutral
7585	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings are very nice together.	neutral
7586	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are two buildings.	entailment
7587	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two glass and stone buildings accent the environment.	entailment
7588	Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two buildings made out of glass and stone look gorgeous	entailment
7589	A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.	Its a small town	contradiction
7590	A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.	Its getting dark out	entailment
7591	A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.	the street is empty	neutral
7592	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The woman is walking on the walkway.	neutral
7593	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A women is on a cellphone.	entailment
7594	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman sat idly near a lone building.	contradiction
7595	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman talks to her lawyer on the phone.	neutral
7596	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman in a bar, holding a beer and a shot glass.	contradiction
7597	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	a woman napping	contradiction
7598	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	a woman outside	entailment
7599	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman is talks on her phone near a walkway.	entailment
7600	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The women is not on her phone.	contradiction
7601	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	a woman talking on her phone	neutral
7602	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The woman is preoccupied.	entailment
7603	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The two building are red.	neutral
7604	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman on a phone.	entailment
7605	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The woman is climbing the building.	contradiction
7606	Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman talks to a friend on the phone while walking.	neutral
7607	A girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone.	A young lady walks outside.	entailment
7608	A girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone.	A little girl talks to her friends on a cell phone, while dressed as Santa Clause.	neutral
7609	A girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone.	A female model walks the catwalk during a fashion show.	contradiction
7610	Someone walking along a wall.	A child is not moving.	contradiction
7611	Someone walking along a wall.	A kid is walking on a retaining wall afterschool.	neutral
7612	Someone walking along a wall.	A person is moving.	entailment
7613	Two women wait for a bus.	couple of women looking for bus	entailment
7614	Two women wait for a bus.	women at work	contradiction
7615	Two women wait for a bus.	women at bus stop	neutral
7616	Two blond dogs sniff one another.	Two dogs are greeting each other.	neutral
7617	Two blond dogs sniff one another.	The dogs are attacking one another.	contradiction
7618	Two blond dogs sniff one another.	Two dogs sniff one another.	entailment
7619	A baseball player strains to throw a ball.	The players shoulder has been hurting him.	neutral
7620	A baseball player strains to throw a ball.	The player is throwing the ball.	entailment
7621	A baseball player strains to throw a ball.	The player cannot throw a ball.	contradiction
7622	A man wearing a black shirt is looking at a binder on a music stand while playing a guitar.	A man has a guitar.	entailment
7623	A man wearing a black shirt is looking at a binder on a music stand while playing a guitar.	A man is playing the tuba.	contradiction
7624	A man wearing a black shirt is looking at a binder on a music stand while playing a guitar.	A man is picking a new song to learn.	neutral
7625	A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.	The child is sitting on a bench.	contradiction
7626	A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.	A child standing with the sun behind her.	entailment
7627	A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.	The child is outside.	neutral
7628	A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	There are at least three people in this picture, and they are all outside.	entailment
7629	A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	The father carries his now asleep son back to the car to head home for the night.	contradiction
7630	A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	The child is playing a carnival game on the boardwalk while his parents wait for him to finish.	neutral
7631	A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge.	A small child is about to jump into the river.	neutral
7632	A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge.	A small child is standing on a bridge with their parents.	contradiction
7633	A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge.	A small child is standing over a river.	entailment
7634	Man in black shirt plays silver electric guitar.	A man is playing on a banjo.	contradiction
7635	Man in black shirt plays silver electric guitar.	A man is playing guitar.	neutral
7636	Man in black shirt plays silver electric guitar.	A man plays a silver electric guitar.	entailment
7637	A little girl walking on a concrete boardwalk.	A girl is walking as she eats candy.	neutral
7638	A little girl walking on a concrete boardwalk.	A girl is sitting in the sand.	contradiction
7639	A little girl walking on a concrete boardwalk.	A girl is walking on a boardwalk.	entailment
7640	A group men playing musical instruments.	people play jazz	neutral
7641	A group men playing musical instruments.	people play instruments	entailment
7642	A group men playing musical instruments.	hockey goalie stops shot	contradiction
7643	City workers are working on the subway.	people outside	contradiction
7644	City workers are working on the subway.	city workers are working	entailment
7645	City workers are working on the subway.	people are working outside	neutral
7646	Four Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	Six Musicians are playing music on a soccer field.	contradiction
7647	Four Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	Four male Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	neutral
7648	Four Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	Musicians are playing music.	entailment
7649	Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.	They make music together	entailment
7650	Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.	They play hocket in the park	contradiction
7651	Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.	They have been in a band together for 5 years	neutral
7652	Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.	Some people are milling around the subway in orange jackets.	neutral
7653	Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.	A person is waiting on a subway.	contradiction
7654	Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.	Lots of people are working in the subway station.	entailment
7655	Workers in hard hats and orange vests laying cement tiles over the floor.	Workers are working with cement tiles.	entailment
7656	Workers in hard hats and orange vests laying cement tiles over the floor.	Workers are adding a new floor to a building.	neutral
7657	Workers in hard hats and orange vests laying cement tiles over the floor.	Workers are wearing hard hats and eating lunch.	contradiction
7658	Construction workers laying cement in a building.	Tired construction workers are working in a building.	neutral
7659	Construction workers laying cement in a building.	Construction workers are sleeping on the job.	contradiction
7660	Construction workers laying cement in a building.	Construction workers are working in a building.	entailment
7661	Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	There are people playing baseball	entailment
7662	Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	There are people playing baseball outdoors	neutral
7663	Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	There are people watching musicians	contradiction
7664	A relaxing day of fishing for this young man.	A man fishes.	entailment
7665	A relaxing day of fishing for this young man.	A tornado passes near a man that is fishing.	contradiction
7666	A relaxing day of fishing for this young man.	A man has a nice break from his wife and kids while off the coast of Florida fishing for marlin.	neutral
7667	Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Two men run past a Farmers Market while trying to lose some cops.	contradiction
7668	Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Two men are walking in front of a Farmers Market looking for ripe melons.	neutral
7669	Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Two men are walking near a Farmers Market.	entailment
7670	Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.	Two men walk in front of a market.	entailment
7671	Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.	Two men walk in front of the market they shop at.	neutral
7672	Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.	Two men burn down a market then run from the cops.	contradiction
7673	Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market.	Men looking at used cars.	contradiction
7674	Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market.	Men enjoying day out and about shopping.	neutral
7675	Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market.	Men shopping their local market.	entailment
7676	Two men in shorts, sleeveless shirts, and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled' Farmers Market.'	Men in shorts at a market	entailment
7677	Two men in shorts, sleeveless shirts, and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled' Farmers Market.'	Two men buying fresh food for their dinner date	neutral
7678	Two men in shorts, sleeveless shirts, and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled' Farmers Market.'	Two men sitting down at pizza hut	contradiction
7679	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	The young men are at the farmer's market.	entailment
7680	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	2 men kick a circus clown	contradiction
7681	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	The young men are causing a scene.	contradiction
7682	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	A gay couple out for a date peruse the farmer's market	neutral
7683	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	The young men are going to buy fresh produce.	neutral
7684	Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	Two men walking through a market	entailment
7685	A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy.	A boy getting a haircut because he has gum in his hair.	neutral
7686	A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy.	A boy getting a haircut.	entailment
7687	A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy.	A girl braiding her hair.	contradiction
7688	A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut.	A boy is swimming with his friends.	contradiction
7689	A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut.	A boy is sitting down.	entailment
7690	A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut.	A boy is donating hair to charity.	neutral
7691	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy gives another person a hair cut.	entailment
7692	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A male is shaving a black persons hair , while wearing a garment.	entailment
7693	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A woman is braiding the long hair of another woman outside.	contradiction
7694	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	An African American is sitting at the barbershop.	contradiction
7695	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is happily shaving an African American's hair.	neutral
7696	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	An African American man shaves a little girl's head.	contradiction
7697	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is shaving an African American's hair.	entailment
7698	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is running.	contradiction
7699	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is cutting his fathers hair.	neutral
7700	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy gives a haircut in an open garage.	neutral
7701	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A child rides a scooter down the sidewalk.	contradiction
7702	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A person is getting a haircut at home.	entailment
7703	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A kid is giving his friend a haircut in his kitchen , being careful not to get hair stuck in his clothes.	neutral
7704	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy shaves someone's head at home.	entailment
7705	A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy shaves a man's head.	neutral
7706	A black boy is cutting another black boy's hair with a razor.	A black boy is giving another one a hair cut.	entailment
7707	A black boy is cutting another black boy's hair with a razor.	The black boy is giving the other a fade.	neutral
7708	A black boy is cutting another black boy's hair with a razor.	The black boy is braiding the others hair.	contradiction
7709	A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.	An individual is smoking.	entailment
7710	A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.	A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette, which is almost completely consumed.	neutral
7711	A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.	A man dressed in yellow is drinking out of a glass bottle.	contradiction
7712	A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.	Kids are playing in the nursery.	entailment
7713	A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.	Kids are working on their homework.	contradiction
7714	A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.	Kids are playing with blocks in the nursery.	neutral
7715	A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.	Two children are crying about having their pictures taken.	contradiction
7716	A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.	The children are excited about picture taking in their costumes.	neutral
7717	A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.	Two children prepare to get their picture taken.	entailment
7718	A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking.	A man is talking about sports with another man.	neutral
7719	A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking.	A man is dancing with beer.	contradiction
7720	A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking.	A man is drinking beer.	entailment
7721	Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.	The two men are doing their own things.	contradiction
7722	Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.	The two men are talking.	entailment
7723	Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.	The two men are having a conversation about the weather.	neutral
7724	One older man holding a beer standing with another man.	Two men stand together, one is holding a beer.	entailment
7725	One older man holding a beer standing with another man.	Two men play dodgeball at the gym.	contradiction
7726	One older man holding a beer standing with another man.	One man holds a beer while standing with another man chatting.	neutral
7727	Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion.	Two men are riding on a boat.	contradiction
7728	Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion.	Two men are talking to each other.	entailment
7729	Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion.	The men are sitting at a bar.	neutral
7730	A girl is serving food and a man is staring at her.	A man is staring at a girl.	entailment
7731	A girl is serving food and a man is staring at her.	A girl is serving food and notices a man is staring at her.	neutral
7732	A girl is serving food and a man is staring at her.	A girl is serving food and a man is looking the other direction.	contradiction
7733	A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.	the young lady knows how to fly in sky	contradiction
7734	A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.	when the girl jumps it creates new heights everytime	neutral
7735	A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.	there is a young girl who is trained in jumping	entailment
7736	The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball.	number 13 is making a goal.	neutral
7737	The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball.	number 13 is on the soccer field.	entailment
7738	The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball.	number 13 was benched for the whole game.	contradiction
7739	Men on a beach dragging a long fishing net attached to a boat.	A man sleeping on the beach.	contradiction
7740	Men on a beach dragging a long fishing net attached to a boat.	A man getting his boat prepared	entailment
7741	Men on a beach dragging a long fishing net attached to a boat.	A man going out to sea to catch a whale.	neutral
7742	Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.	The men use their arms to pull in the net.	entailment
7743	Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.	The men are strong.	neutral
7744	Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.	The men are relaxing.	contradiction
7745	Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water.	The men are capsized.	neutral
7746	Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water.	The men are dining at a fine restaurant.	contradiction
7747	Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water.	The men are outside.	entailment
7748	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men sitting on a couch in the living room.	contradiction
7749	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Fishermen attempting to catch something with their fishing nets	neutral
7750	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men holding a fishing rod	contradiction
7751	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Humans in the morning	neutral
7752	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men outdoors by the water	entailment
7753	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	a man ice fishes on the frozen lake	contradiction
7754	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Fishermen get ready to work.	entailment
7755	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men holding a full fishing net.	neutral
7756	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Fishers lament not getting any fish for the day.	neutral
7757	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	a man fishes with a net to feed his family	neutral
7758	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Humans on the moon.	contradiction
7759	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men holding a fishing net.	entailment
7760	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	a man fishes with a net	entailment
7761	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Humans holding something	entailment
7762	Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Hunters shoot a 10 point deer.	contradiction
7763	Three people put up a batting cage.	people put up a structure	entailment
7764	Three people put up a batting cage.	Three people stand around and drink martinis	contradiction
7765	Three people put up a batting cage.	Volunteers assist a junior league by assembling their batting cage	neutral
7766	Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.	Three ladies are having a picnic in the forest.	neutral
7767	Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.	The three men are eating steak.	contradiction
7768	Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.	Three ladies of different ages are sitting in front of the forest.	entailment
7769	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net just as his father showed him	neutral
7770	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.	A boy plays a game	entailment
7771	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball and wins the big game	contradiction
7772	A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.	A mechanic was fixing a bike for the race.	entailment
7773	A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.	A man was making a bike for a race.	neutral
7774	A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.	A man was riding a bike.	contradiction
7775	A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.	The man is wearing a hat while holding a net for a boy to bat a ball into.	neutral
7776	A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.	The man is wearing a dress while holding a net for a boy to bat a ball into.	contradiction
7777	A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.	Two males play together.	entailment
7778	Construction workers pose for a picture on a work site.	Male construction workers make funny faces in front of a camera.	neutral
7779	Construction workers pose for a picture on a work site.	Dancers pose for a picture.	contradiction
7780	Construction workers pose for a picture on a work site.	Laborers stand in front of a camera.	entailment
7781	Construction workers at an construction site.	Construction workers are working.	entailment
7782	Construction workers at an construction site.	Office workers at an office.	contradiction
7783	Construction workers at an construction site.	Contruction workers are carrying long boards of wood around the construction area.	neutral
7784	A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing, holding gloves and tools.	Workers are standing near a partially built house.	neutral
7785	A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing, holding gloves and tools.	People are standing.	entailment
7786	A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing, holding gloves and tools.	People are sitting in a park.	contradiction
7787	Five men wearing construction hats are at a construction site.	Five men wearing green construction hats.	neutral
7788	Five men wearing construction hats are at a construction site.	Five men are working construction.	entailment
7789	Five men wearing construction hats are at a construction site.	Five men surfing in hats.	contradiction
7790	A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.	A person with eye wear and brown clothes is standing.	entailment
7791	A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.	A woman with contacts sits in front of a Taco Bell.	contradiction
7792	A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.	The lady reads the information from the chart.	neutral
7793	A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.	The dog has nothing in it's mouth.	contradiction
7794	A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.	The dog is swimming.	entailment
7795	A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.	The dog is a Rotweiler.	neutral
7796	Men standing at a construction site.	Men are inspecting a construction site.	neutral
7797	Men standing at a construction site.	Construction team members are standing on site.	entailment
7798	Men standing at a construction site.	Men are eating pizza together.	contradiction
7799	A very large Oriental structure is positioned in the middle of a sidewalk and some people crowd around it while others merely walk by.	The people are walking by the structure that is in the center of town.	neutral
7800	A very large Oriental structure is positioned in the middle of a sidewalk and some people crowd around it while others merely walk by.	The people are crowded around the Statue of Liberty.	contradiction
7801	A very large Oriental structure is positioned in the middle of a sidewalk and some people crowd around it while others merely walk by.	People are crowded around and walking by the large Oriental structure.	entailment
7802	Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.	The people are talking about football.	neutral
7803	Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.	The people are walking on the sidewalk by a mural.	entailment
7804	Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.	The people are running on a dirt road with trees surrounded them.	contradiction
7805	People walking outside in front of a large Asian type decoration.	People are at an Asian museum.	neutral
7806	People walking outside in front of a large Asian type decoration.	People are outside.	entailment
7807	People walking outside in front of a large Asian type decoration.	People are fighting.	contradiction
7808	A woman poses in front of a tall ceremonial display in Japan.	A woman in Asia.	entailment
7809	A woman poses in front of a tall ceremonial display in Japan.	A tourist has her picture taken.	neutral
7810	A woman poses in front of a tall ceremonial display in Japan.	A tourist is running from an angry mob.	contradiction
7811	A woman in a gray outfit walks along a brick promenade.	The woman is walking on concrete.	contradiction
7812	A woman in a gray outfit walks along a brick promenade.	The woman in gray is outside.	entailment
7813	A woman in a gray outfit walks along a brick promenade.	The woman is looking down at her feet.	neutral
7814	Woman in shorts and tank top sitting on a stone wall.	The lady that is sitting on the wall is smoking.	neutral
7815	Woman in shorts and tank top sitting on a stone wall.	A lady sitting on a wall.	entailment
7816	Woman in shorts and tank top sitting on a stone wall.	The lady is playing baseball.	contradiction
7817	Young Asian female sitting in a pose on a stone wallas she is being photographed.	a woman is skydiving	contradiction
7818	Young Asian female sitting in a pose on a stone wallas she is being photographed.	a woman poses	entailment
7819	Young Asian female sitting in a pose on a stone wallas she is being photographed.	a woman is posing nude	neutral
7820	An attractive young woman dressed in blue jean shorts and a gray patterned shirt sits on a railing along side a sidewalk with a pensive expression on her face.	The blue jean shorts are ugly.	neutral
7821	An attractive young woman dressed in blue jean shorts and a gray patterned shirt sits on a railing along side a sidewalk with a pensive expression on her face.	There are blue jean shorts.	entailment
7822	An attractive young woman dressed in blue jean shorts and a gray patterned shirt sits on a railing along side a sidewalk with a pensive expression on her face.	The shorts are black.	contradiction
7823	A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.	A young girl sits on the shoulders of a man.	entailment
7824	A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.	A young girl is shouting at a man.	contradiction
7825	A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.	A young girl is interacting with a man.	neutral
7826	A brown-haired boy with a white shirt looking out the window of a bus or subway.	wolf sleeping	contradiction
7827	A brown-haired boy with a white shirt looking out the window of a bus or subway.	boy going on trip	neutral
7828	A brown-haired boy with a white shirt looking out the window of a bus or subway.	boy looks out window	entailment
7829	A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.	A girl is crying.	entailment
7830	A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.	A girl is feeling sad.	neutral
7831	A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.	A girl is cooking in a kitchen.	contradiction
7832	A young man sits, looking out of a train window.	The man is taking a trip	neutral
7833	A young man sits, looking out of a train window.	The man is in his room	contradiction
7834	A young man sits, looking out of a train window.	A man is looking somewhere	entailment
7835	A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards.	A kid raising her hands for her mother.	neutral
7836	A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards.	A kid raising their hands.	entailment
7837	A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards.	A bald child lowering her hands.	contradiction
7838	A little girl is playing with park equipment.	A funny human playing	neutral
7839	A little girl is playing with park equipment.	A human playing	entailment
7840	A little girl is playing with park equipment.	Nobody is playing	contradiction
7841	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	An Asian girl frowns after being told she cannot go play.	neutral
7842	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A young girl is upset because the other kids wont play with her on the playground	neutral
7843	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The girl is happy	contradiction
7844	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	Another boy made the Asian girl upset.	neutral
7845	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A young boy is happy to be on the outdoor playground	contradiction
7846	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The young Asian girl is at a playground.	entailment
7847	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A girl looks at a playground.	entailment
7848	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A girl looks for her friend at a playground.	neutral
7849	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The sad girl wants to go outside	neutral
7850	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A Caucasian man looks happy while sitting in a theater.	contradiction
7851	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The Asian girl is at the doctor's office.	contradiction
7852	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	Two boys jumping rope.	contradiction
7853	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A girl is looking at a playground.	entailment
7854	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The young girl is sad	entailment
7855	Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A young girl at the playground looks upset	entailment
7856	A young girl with ponytails is reaching up to blue bars and crying.	The girl is crying while her arms are stretched up.	entailment
7857	A young girl with ponytails is reaching up to blue bars and crying.	The girl doesn't have her hair pulled up.	contradiction
7858	A young girl with ponytails is reaching up to blue bars and crying.	The girl can't reach the monkey bars and is sad.	neutral
7859	A girl jumping in the grass.	A girl is sitting down in the grass.	contradiction
7860	A girl jumping in the grass.	A girl is jumping outdoors.	entailment
7861	A girl jumping in the grass.	A girl is jumping in the grass for fun.	neutral
7862	Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor.	boy plays sega	contradiction
7863	Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor.	men repairing friends floor	neutral
7864	Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor.	men work on tiles	entailment
7865	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumps over the grass to reach the sand.	neutral
7866	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl is playing.	neutral
7867	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is riding a bike.	neutral
7868	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A boy lies down.	contradiction
7869	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is stretching her arms to the sky.	neutral
7870	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is incapable of jumping.	contradiction
7871	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is outside.	entailment
7872	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumps.	entailment
7873	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumps.	entailment
7874	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is riding in the back seat of the car.	contradiction
7875	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is wearing a pink shirt.	entailment
7876	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is jumping with the boy.	neutral
7877	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl crawls through the grass.	contradiction
7878	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is at home sleeping.	contradiction
7879	The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is getting her feet of the ground.	entailment
7880	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl jumps in the air and sticks her tongue out.	entailment
7881	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl sprained her ankle and is in a wheelchair.	contradiction
7882	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The young girl is having a good time jumping around.	neutral
7883	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young girl is laying on the ground doing a puzzle.	contradiction
7884	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl is jumping fairly high.	entailment
7885	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young girl is jumping into the air.	entailment
7886	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl sticks her tongue out.	entailment
7887	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl teases her brother by sticking her tongue out at him as she plays.	neutral
7888	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young girl is cheerleading.	neutral
7889	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl's eyes are closed.	neutral
7890	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young child is in motion.	entailment
7891	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl sits quietly in the library.	contradiction
7892	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl is doing whacky things because she is happy.	neutral
7893	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A boy cleans a fish.	contradiction
7894	A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The boy takes a bite of a cookie.	contradiction
7895	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	The seven men are chipping tiles with a screwdriver.	contradiction
7896	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Some men are chipping at some tiles with hammers.	entailment
7897	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men are working on tiles.	neutral
7898	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	The seven men chipping tiles are sweating nonstop.	neutral
7899	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Seven men are lying tile in the bathroom.	contradiction
7900	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men dancing in the street.	contradiction
7901	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men are working.	entailment
7902	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Seven men are working with tools.	entailment
7903	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men pulling up a tile floor in order to replace it.	neutral
7904	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Several males are using hammers to chip away tiles.	entailment
7905	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Two men in hard hats are sitting on a beam at the top of a new highrise.	contradiction
7906	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	The men are fixing floor.	contradiction
7907	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Seven men are quickly chipping away bathroom tiles with hammers.	neutral
7908	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	people are chipping tiles.	entailment
7909	Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	A group of men wearing yellow hard hats are chipping away at some tile.	neutral
7910	A girl jumps in the grass.	A female is outside.	entailment
7911	A girl jumps in the grass.	A girl is being lazy and laying on the carpet.	contradiction
7912	A girl jumps in the grass.	An aspiring acrobat is practicing her routine in a park.	neutral
7913	A girl jumps in the grass.	a girl is lying down in bed	contradiction
7914	A girl jumps in the grass.	The grass absorbs a child leaping vertically.	entailment
7915	A girl jumps in the grass.	There is a girl sitting on a chair.	contradiction
7916	A girl jumps in the grass.	The girl is seen playing on a freshly mowed lawn.	neutral
7917	A girl jumps in the grass.	A girl is jumping to set a world record.	neutral
7918	A girl jumps in the grass.	There is a girl jumping through a sprinkler in the yard.	neutral
7919	A girl jumps in the grass.	A little girl is playing outside.	entailment
7920	A girl jumps in the grass.	A sedentary girl is spotted seated on the concrete.	contradiction
7921	A girl jumps in the grass.	a girl is jumping	entailment
7922	A girl jumps in the grass.	There is a person jumping.	entailment
7923	A girl jumps in the grass.	a girl is training for a track meet	neutral
7924	A girl jumps in the grass.	A boy is bouncing on a trampoline.	contradiction
7925	A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	A person is near plants.	entailment
7926	A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	The gardener pulls up the weeds.	neutral
7927	A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	The gardener is not near any plants.	contradiction
7928	One man stands in the shallow water while another sits on a rock by a river with a rock cliff in the background.	Two men are around water	entailment
7929	One man stands in the shallow water while another sits on a rock by a river with a rock cliff in the background.	Two friends are around water	neutral
7930	One man stands in the shallow water while another sits on a rock by a river with a rock cliff in the background.	Two woman are going for a swim	contradiction
7931	A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	A man drinking coffee at an outside cafe.	contradiction
7932	A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	A man standing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	entailment
7933	A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	A man posing for a picture.	neutral
7934	Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction.	Nobody is gardening	contradiction
7935	Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction.	A human gardening	entailment
7936	Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction.	A tall human gardening	neutral
7937	One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.	A person is gardening is planting flowers.	neutral
7938	One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.	A person is digging a grave.	contradiction
7939	One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.	A person is gardening.	entailment
7940	A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden.	A person in a white hat is outdoors.	entailment
7941	A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden.	A worker in a white straw hat and pink gloves is digging up weeds.	neutral
7942	A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden.	A woman is sitting on the beach on a towel.	contradiction
7943	A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes.	The gardener is reaching high to trim a tall tree branch.	contradiction
7944	A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes.	A gardener is pruning his bushes.	neutral
7945	A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes.	There is a person in the plants.	entailment
7946	Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.	The dog is black.	contradiction
7947	Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.	The dog belongs to the kids.	neutral
7948	Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.	The kids are playing with a dog.	entailment
7949	A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water.	A man and a boy asleep in muddy water.	contradiction
7950	A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water.	A man and a boy looking for gems in water.	entailment
7951	A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water.	A man and his son looking for gems in water.	neutral
7952	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	three people plant flowers	entailment
7953	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	The old men are going fishing.	contradiction
7954	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Some people are planting flowers.	entailment
7955	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are working outside.	entailment
7956	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people bake a pie	contradiction
7957	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are trying to help preserve a historic garden	neutral
7958	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	three people starting a new garden	neutral
7959	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	The women are planting a garden together.	neutral
7960	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	A group gardens together	entailment
7961	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are planting flower	entailment
7962	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	three people in the basement watching movies	contradiction
7963	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Some people are helping keep the church property beautiful.	neutral
7964	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Some men are playing video games inside.	contradiction
7965	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Conservationists begin a new project	neutral
7966	Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are burying a body	contradiction
7967	People trying to improve the compound near in their school in downtown Los Angeles.	People are in New York	contradiction
7968	People trying to improve the compound near in their school in downtown Los Angeles.	People are in Los Angeles.	neutral
7969	People trying to improve the compound near in their school in downtown Los Angeles.	People are in downtown Los Angeles.	entailment
7970	Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.	Two girls are playing catch with a football.	entailment
7971	Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.	Two girls are in a wresting match.	contradiction
7972	Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.	Two girls are chatting while throwing a football.	neutral
7973	A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path.	there are men near rocks	entailment
7974	A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path.	the men are swimming in the lake	contradiction
7975	A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path.	the men are trying to find their way home	neutral
7976	Two young men selling goods in a market.	Two sad men selling goods in a market.	neutral
7977	Two young men selling goods in a market.	Two young people selling goods in a market.	entailment
7978	Two young men selling goods in a market.	Two young women selling goods in a market.	contradiction
7979	A man on a phone stands before a seated man.	There is a man standing near a man	entailment
7980	A man on a phone stands before a seated man.	There is a man sitting next to someone	contradiction
7981	A man on a phone stands before a seated man.	There is man standing near a man outdoors	neutral
7982	A boy dressed as a pirate and a girl dressed as a princess are running down the street.	The kids are going Trick or Treating for Halloween.	neutral
7983	A boy dressed as a pirate and a girl dressed as a princess are running down the street.	Two kids in costume are in the street.	entailment
7984	A boy dressed as a pirate and a girl dressed as a princess are running down the street.	Two kids dressed as clowns run down the street.	contradiction
7985	Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor.	the kids made the jewerly	neutral
7986	Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor.	the boy was the only one on the floor	contradiction
7987	Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor.	the children were on the floor	entailment
7988	Some youth are playing basketball on an outdoor court.	The youth play basketball every day after school.	neutral
7989	Some youth are playing basketball on an outdoor court.	The youth are playing basketball.	entailment
7990	Some youth are playing basketball on an outdoor court.	The old men played tennis.	contradiction
7991	A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching.	a woman eating a cow	contradiction
7992	A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching.	a man competing for 1 million dollars	neutral
7993	A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching.	a man riding a bull	entailment
7994	An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	A man is sitting on a rock.	entailment
7995	An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	An older man is sitting on a rock with a younger man.	contradiction
7996	An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	An older man provides supervision as a younger man searches for crawdads.	neutral
7997	A yellow dog runs through the grass.	The dog is outside.	entailment
7998	A yellow dog runs through the grass.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
7999	A yellow dog runs through the grass.	The dog is black.	neutral
8000	Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other.	The deer and table are protecting the princess from the hooded person.	neutral
8001	Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other.	There are people performing a scene.	entailment
8002	Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other.	The people are all dressed in formal wear.	contradiction
8003	The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.	There are people comparing skin art.	entailment
8004	The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.	The people are sleeping.	contradiction
8005	The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.	A husband and wife show off their matching tattoos.	neutral
8006	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Really tall people	neutral
8007	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The people are sitting.	contradiction
8008	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The trio are not in normal clothes.	entailment
8009	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Three people stand around talking in their costumes.	entailment
8010	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Some people in costumes	entailment
8011	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The group is at their mother's Halloween party.	neutral
8012	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	People are hanging out.	entailment
8013	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Three people attending a Halloween party.	neutral
8014	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	People are sleeping	contradiction
8015	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The people are ignoring each other.	contradiction
8016	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Two people in costumes talking.	contradiction
8017	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	There are people talking.	entailment
8018	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	People are getting ready for a play.	neutral
8019	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Nobody has a costume	contradiction
8020	Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	They are talking on their phones.	neutral
8021	Father showing sons pictures on his camera.	The father has taken photos.	entailment
8022	Father showing sons pictures on his camera.	The father is dead.	contradiction
8023	Father showing sons pictures on his camera.	The sons are not babies.	neutral
8024	A cream colored dog runs through green grass.	A dog running outside.	entailment
8025	A cream colored dog runs through green grass.	A light colored dog enjoying a wheat field.	neutral
8026	A cream colored dog runs through green grass.	A black dog scared off by a wolf.	contradiction
8027	a man and woman have matching tattoos.	The couple have matching tattoos to celebrate their anniversary.	neutral
8028	a man and woman have matching tattoos.	Two people have body art.	entailment
8029	a man and woman have matching tattoos.	Two men have different tattoos.	contradiction
8030	A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.	The person is a clown.	neutral
8031	A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.	The unicycle has one wheel.	entailment
8032	A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.	The unicycle is made of paper.	contradiction
8033	A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.	Someone is performing a trick.	entailment
8034	A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.	The rocks are yellow.	neutral
8035	A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.	Nobody is cheering someone on.	contradiction
8036	One footballer is tackling another for the football.	People are playing football.	entailment
8037	One footballer is tackling another for the football.	One person is tackling a man before he scores.	neutral
8038	One footballer is tackling another for the football.	A baseball game is in progress.	contradiction
8039	A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.	a biker on a forest path for the first time	neutral
8040	A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.	a boy pushing his toy truck	contradiction
8041	A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.	a biker on a forest path	entailment
8042	Two hikers on a dirt road.	Two hikers together.	neutral
8043	Two hikers on a dirt road.	Two hikers walking down a dirt road.	entailment
8044	Two hikers on a dirt road.	Two hikers taking a swim.	contradiction
8045	A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.	The garden is tiny.	neutral
8046	A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.	A child plays.	entailment
8047	A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.	Martians prefer brie.	contradiction
8048	Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.	Two people are about to haul the supplies away.	neutral
8049	Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.	Two people are standing next to some supplies.	entailment
8050	Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.	Two people are watching a dog swimming in a pool.	contradiction
8051	Two people are standing near carts full of many items, in front of a mountain background.	They are standing by the carts.	entailment
8052	Two people are standing near carts full of many items, in front of a mountain background.	They are knocking over the carts filled with merchandise.	contradiction
8053	Two people are standing near carts full of many items, in front of a mountain background.	They are thinking about buying an item from the carts.	neutral
8054	two people with hiking gear at a checkpoint on a mountain.	The people are hiking along the mountain.	neutral
8055	two people with hiking gear at a checkpoint on a mountain.	The two people are sleeping in the sand.	contradiction
8056	two people with hiking gear at a checkpoint on a mountain.	There are people on the mountain.	entailment
8057	Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains.	Two people are having a tea party on the beach.	contradiction
8058	Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains.	People putting together equipment near some mountains.	entailment
8059	Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains.	Two people are getting their mountain climbing gear ready.	neutral
8060	A red speed boat crosses the water.	A red speed boat is in the water.	entailment
8061	A red speed boat crosses the water.	The truck is carrying a red speed boat away from the marina.	contradiction
8062	A red speed boat crosses the water.	A couple is on a red speed boat, enjoying the water.	neutral
8063	A child grimaces for a photo, teeth bared, while eating a blue, heart-shaped lollipop.	A lady is writing a letter to someone.	contradiction
8064	A child grimaces for a photo, teeth bared, while eating a blue, heart-shaped lollipop.	Someone is making faces at a photographer.	entailment
8065	A child grimaces for a photo, teeth bared, while eating a blue, heart-shaped lollipop.	A child is dressed in a blue shirt.	neutral
8066	A man in white shit uses laptop nest to a large monument.	a man is thinking about getting out of the white shit	neutral
8067	A man in white shit uses laptop nest to a large monument.	a man has a laptop	entailment
8068	A man in white shit uses laptop nest to a large monument.	a man is in black shit thinking white would be better and also wondering about the person who wrote the photo caption	contradiction
8069	A closeup of a child's face eating a blue, heart shaped lollipop.	A kid eating at Taco Bell.	contradiction
8070	A closeup of a child's face eating a blue, heart shaped lollipop.	A child enjoying some candy.	entailment
8071	A closeup of a child's face eating a blue, heart shaped lollipop.	A kid eating desert.	neutral
8072	A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench.	A man looks at his computer.	entailment
8073	A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench.	A man looks at a business report on his computer.	neutral
8074	A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench.	A man reads the newspaper on the stone bench.	contradiction
8075	A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop.	A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop	entailment
8076	A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop.	The man in the white tank top is working	neutral
8077	A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop.	The man in is reading the newspaper	contradiction
8078	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The man is attending a lecture in an auditorium.	contradiction
8079	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man holds his laptop up showing some porn.	neutral
8080	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A person holds something.	entailment
8081	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man escapes from his captives and runs to the Jefferson Memorial.	contradiction
8082	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man with a laptop rests by sitting next to a large white column.	entailment
8083	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The guy is outside.	entailment
8084	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The man is trying to write a novel on his laptop.	neutral
8085	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A tall man holds something	neutral
8086	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	Nobody is holding anything.	contradiction
8087	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man tries to blend in by hiding by a white column with his white shirt.	neutral
8088	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A naked man stands next to a statue.	contradiction
8089	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man is holding his laptop while sitting.	entailment
8090	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man works on his laptop outside.	entailment
8091	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The man is studying for college.	neutral
8092	A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man is sitting on his laptop.	contradiction
8093	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man is working on his next book in a statue park.	neutral
8094	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is sitting next to the statue.	entailment
8095	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man sits beside a pillar with a statue of cupid on it	neutral
8096	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man sitting beside a pillar using a computer	entailment
8097	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man's shirt is a button-down.	neutral
8098	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is browsing the internet while sitting by the pillar.	neutral
8099	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man is talking to a statue about how to use the internet.	contradiction
8100	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is reading a hardcover book outside.	contradiction
8101	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A young man is riding bike through the woods.	contradiction
8102	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is chasing a dog.	contradiction
8103	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man is using his laptop next to a statue.	entailment
8104	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man sits under a tall pillar to shield his computer screen from the glare.	neutral
8105	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man in a suit relaxes beside a pillar	contradiction
8106	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man in a white shirt is working on a computer.	entailment
8107	A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man uses his laptop while sitting under a statute.	entailment
8108	This man is shooting pool with another man in a game where there are all solid colored balls.	A man is playing pool with another man who is his brother and there are all solid colored balls.	neutral
8109	This man is shooting pool with another man in a game where there are all solid colored balls.	Men are playing pool	entailment
8110	This man is shooting pool with another man in a game where there are all solid colored balls.	A man is playing pool with another woman in a game with all striped balls.	contradiction
8111	A man in a dark room plays billiards while his opponent watches.	Two men playing dominoes.	contradiction
8112	A man in a dark room plays billiards while his opponent watches.	Two men playing billiards.	entailment
8113	A man in a dark room plays billiards while his opponent watches.	The man is holding a black pool cue.	neutral
8114	A man is playing pool, shooting a ball toward the camera.	A man is playing pool in front of a large crowd.	neutral
8115	A man is playing pool, shooting a ball toward the camera.	A man is sitting on a bar stool ordering a drink.	contradiction
8116	A man is playing pool, shooting a ball toward the camera.	A man is leaning over a table with a stick in his hand.	entailment
8117	A man lining up a shot in snooker.	The woman is playing snooker.	contradiction
8118	A man lining up a shot in snooker.	The man is good at it.	neutral
8119	A man lining up a shot in snooker.	A man is playing snooker.	entailment
8120	A woman in a white dress is walking down the street.	Someone is walking down the street.	entailment
8121	A woman in a white dress is walking down the street.	A woman in a white dress and hat is walking down the street.	neutral
8122	A woman in a white dress is walking down the street.	A woman in white is sitting in a car.	contradiction
8123	a man and a woman having a conversation on a mountaintop restaurant	A man and woman talk atop a mountain.	entailment
8124	a man and a woman having a conversation on a mountaintop restaurant	A couple discuss plans over dinner.	neutral
8125	a man and a woman having a conversation on a mountaintop restaurant	A band plays an irish jig.	contradiction
8126	An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat.	The older gentleman is dressed for the outdoors.	entailment
8127	An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat.	An older man is dressed in surgical scrubs.	contradiction
8128	An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat.	The man is holding an umbrella in his left hand.	neutral
8129	A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel.	There are people working in an office	contradiction
8130	A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel.	There are people working on the rails	entailment
8131	A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel.	They are fixing the rails	neutral
8132	A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags.	The boy is riding a motorcycle with American flags.	contradiction
8133	A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags.	A boy rides a bike and supports American flags.	entailment
8134	A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags.	The boy is a son of a soldier.	neutral
8135	There is a little boy in a red shirt and orange shorts riding a bicycle that has been decorated with red, white, and blue items.	The boy is playing video games at home.	contradiction
8136	There is a little boy in a red shirt and orange shorts riding a bicycle that has been decorated with red, white, and blue items.	The boy is riding home for dinner.	neutral
8137	There is a little boy in a red shirt and orange shorts riding a bicycle that has been decorated with red, white, and blue items.	A boy is riding a bicycle.	entailment
8138	A child is riding a decorated bicycle with an American flag on the back.	A child is riding with a flag	entailment
8139	A child is riding a decorated bicycle with an American flag on the back.	a child is swimming	contradiction
8140	A child is riding a decorated bicycle with an American flag on the back.	the bike has training wheels	neutral
8141	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young girl destroys her pink bicycle.	contradiction
8142	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	An old blond boy is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
8143	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young light blond boy is riding a bicycle.	neutral
8144	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A boy rides a bike.	entailment
8145	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The young boy is proud to be an American.	neutral
8146	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The bicyclist is a girl.	contradiction
8147	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young boy is sitting in the grass.	contradiction
8148	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A boy furiously pedals his bike to get away from the bad guys.	neutral
8149	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young blond boy is riding a bicycle.	entailment
8150	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A criminal chases a child.	contradiction
8151	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A boy is riding a bike.	entailment
8152	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young male rides a very american themed bike.	entailment
8153	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The boy is American.	neutral
8154	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young boy celebrates the fourth of july by riding his american themed bike.	neutral
8155	A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The boy is cycling.	entailment
8156	A young boy enjoys riding his patriotic bike down the road.	The boy is riding home.	neutral
8157	A young boy enjoys riding his patriotic bike down the road.	The boy is asleep.	contradiction
8158	A young boy enjoys riding his patriotic bike down the road.	The boy is outside.	entailment
8159	A old man blowing bubbles in the park.	An old man is reading a book in the park.	contradiction
8160	A old man blowing bubbles in the park.	An old man is ourdoors.	entailment
8161	A old man blowing bubbles in the park.	An old man is blowing bubbles in the park with his grandkids.	neutral
8162	Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.	The woman is the baby's mother.	neutral
8163	Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.	The man and woman are with four children.	entailment
8164	Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.	The woman is wearing only a bikini.	contradiction
8165	An old man blows colorful bubbles like a young child.	An old man is playing outside.	entailment
8166	An old man blows colorful bubbles like a young child.	An old man is showing his grandchildren how to blow bubbles.	neutral
8167	An old man blows colorful bubbles like a young child.	An old man is walking the neighboorhood.	contradiction
8168	An older man in a gray jacket is blowing bubbles.	The men is reading a sign	contradiction
8169	An older man in a gray jacket is blowing bubbles.	A man is blowing bubbles	entailment
8170	An older man in a gray jacket is blowing bubbles.	The man is crazy	neutral
8171	Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.	The man is going to work	neutral
8172	Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.	A man is wearing black	contradiction
8173	Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.	A man is wearing gray	entailment
8174	Elderly person blowing bubbles outside.	An old person is blowing bubbles.	entailment
8175	Elderly person blowing bubbles outside.	A grandfather is entertaining his grandchild.	neutral
8176	Elderly person blowing bubbles outside.	A boy is swimming.	contradiction
8177	A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.	a person is carving	entailment
8178	A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.	a person is carving with a knife	contradiction
8179	A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.	a woman is carving	neutral
8180	An artist is carving an intricate sculpture using a tree and an electric saw.	An artist is sculpting a tree.	entailment
8181	An artist is carving an intricate sculpture using a tree and an electric saw.	The artist is painting a tree.	contradiction
8182	An artist is carving an intricate sculpture using a tree and an electric saw.	The artist plans on sculpting many trees in the forest.	neutral
8183	A woodcarver is carving a bald eagle out of wood at a carnival as spectators look on.	The person is carving some wood.	entailment
8184	A woodcarver is carving a bald eagle out of wood at a carnival as spectators look on.	The person is going to sell his carving.	neutral
8185	A woodcarver is carving a bald eagle out of wood at a carnival as spectators look on.	The man is carving a piece of metal.	contradiction
8186	A man is using a chainsaw to carve a bear and a bird out of wood.	A man is scuplting.	entailment
8187	A man is using a chainsaw to carve a bear and a bird out of wood.	A man is sitting down.	contradiction
8188	A man is using a chainsaw to carve a bear and a bird out of wood.	A man is outside.	neutral
8189	Man wearing black and carving an eagle sculpture with a chainsaw.	Man working on a sculpture for his wife's birthday.	neutral
8190	Man wearing black and carving an eagle sculpture with a chainsaw.	Man painting a sunset.	contradiction
8191	Man wearing black and carving an eagle sculpture with a chainsaw.	Man working on an artpiece with a power towel.	entailment
8192	A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.	The person with gray hair is watching it rain.	contradiction
8193	A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.	It is snowing.	entailment
8194	A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.	The person is enjoying the snow.	neutral
8195	A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store.	A boy is picking flowers in the cemetary.	contradiction
8196	A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store.	A boy is looking at flowers for his girlfriend at the store.	neutral
8197	A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store.	A boy is looking at fresh flowers in the store.	entailment
8198	A drum majorette dressed in a white band uniform is standing in the street.	A woman is standing in the street waiting on her friend.	neutral
8199	A drum majorette dressed in a white band uniform is standing in the street.	A woman is outdoors.	entailment
8200	A drum majorette dressed in a white band uniform is standing in the street.	A woman is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
8201	People are using conveyor belts to go up or down.	People riding conveyor belts.	entailment
8202	People are using conveyor belts to go up or down.	People having fun at work.	neutral
8203	People are using conveyor belts to go up or down.	People watching T.V.	contradiction
8204	A man in a t-shirt rides an escalator with a shopping cart.	The man is in a mall shopping.	neutral
8205	A man in a t-shirt rides an escalator with a shopping cart.	The man has no shirt on.	contradiction
8206	A man in a t-shirt rides an escalator with a shopping cart.	The man is shopping.	entailment
8207	Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.	People are going up an escalator	entailment
8208	Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.	The people are standing in line	contradiction
8209	Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.	The people are black	neutral
8210	A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond-hair is smiling.	The girl is wearing white.	entailment
8211	A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond-hair is smiling.	The boy is smiling	contradiction
8212	A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond-hair is smiling.	The girl is wearing a sweatshirt with a logo.	neutral
8213	A man on a green and black motorbike has a crowd cheering in the background.	A man is riding a motorbike in a parade.	neutral
8214	A man on a green and black motorbike has a crowd cheering in the background.	A man rides a motorbike.	entailment
8215	A man on a green and black motorbike has a crowd cheering in the background.	A man is sitting in a crowd.	contradiction
8216	man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle	Motorcycle rider warms up for his race.	neutral
8217	man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle	A women rides a bike.	contradiction
8218	man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle	A person has a motorcycle.	entailment
8219	A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences.	People are watching a man ride a motorcycle.	entailment
8220	A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences.	The man on the motorcycle is very famous.	neutral
8221	A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences.	A man is wearing a red flannel shirt.	contradiction
8222	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike in front of a crowd.	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike	entailment
8223	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike in front of a crowd.	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet joyously rides a motorbike	neutral
8224	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike in front of a crowd.	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet doesn't ride a motorbike	contradiction
8225	Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.	The person is driving a car on the road.	contradiction
8226	Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.	A person is looking at a view.	entailment
8227	Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.	The person is trying to remember the way back to their car.	neutral
8228	A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.	The man is working.	neutral
8229	A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.	A man has gray gear.	entailment
8230	A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.	The man has red gear.	contradiction
8231	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The person is a tourist.	neutral
8232	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The pers	contradiction
8233	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	It is raining.	neutral
8234	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is dressed in green and is drinking a soda.	neutral
8235	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
8236	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The person is on vacation.	neutral
8237	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is standing outside.	entailment
8238	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is outside wearing clothes.	entailment
8239	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is standing in the desert.	contradiction
8240	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A man is running through the city.	contradiction
8241	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is hiking.	neutral
8242	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is not in front of the green hills.	contradiction
8243	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is looking at the view.	entailment
8244	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is dressed in green and wearing shorts is standing in front of green hills.	entailment
8245	A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The person is outside	entailment
8246	A woman in shorts and a green hoodie, at an observation point along a trail, overlooking the mountains below.	The woman is wearing long pants.	contradiction
8247	A woman in shorts and a green hoodie, at an observation point along a trail, overlooking the mountains below.	The woman in shorts is looking at mountains.	entailment
8248	A woman in shorts and a green hoodie, at an observation point along a trail, overlooking the mountains below.	The woman is a hiker.	neutral
8249	Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.	the dogs are by the indoor pool	contradiction
8250	Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.	they are running by the river	neutral
8251	Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.	the two dogs are outside	entailment
8252	A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.	A woman is feeding an elephant at the zoo.	contradiction
8253	A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.	A person is dressing.	entailment
8254	A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.	A woman wearing black pants is putting on a white sweater.	neutral
8255	A black dog runs through a field.	There are animals running on field	entailment
8256	A black dog runs through a field.	Some dogs playing on field	neutral
8257	A black dog runs through a field.	The pets are taking rest.	contradiction
8258	A dog running fast with ears flying.	The dog is moving slowly.	contradiction
8259	A dog running fast with ears flying.	The dog is running fast.	entailment
8260	A dog running fast with ears flying.	The dog is chasing a ball.	neutral
8261	A black dog running towards the camera.	A dog running.	entailment
8262	A black dog running towards the camera.	A dog running outside.	neutral
8263	A black dog running towards the camera.	A cat sleeping.	contradiction
8264	An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.	A man has a blue hat.	contradiction
8265	An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.	A man has on a red hat.	entailment
8266	An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.	A man has a red baseball hat.	neutral
8267	Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.	The woman is a tourist.	neutral
8268	Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.	The man is wearing black.	contradiction
8269	Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.	The woman is wearing black.	entailment
8270	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a boy watching TV in his living room.	contradiction
8271	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a person outside.	entailment
8272	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl sits by a fountain.	entailment
8273	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A short girl	neutral
8274	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl is sitting at a fountain.	entailment
8275	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A human	entailment
8276	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl sits outside eating ice cream	neutral
8277	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl is standing in a large fountain.	contradiction
8278	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A boy sits alone at a large fountain	contradiction
8279	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A boys sits outside at a small fountain.	contradiction
8280	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl is sitting at the fountain, making a wish.	neutral
8281	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A child sits outside at a large fountain.	neutral
8282	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	Nobody is around.	contradiction
8283	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a person outdoors	entailment
8284	A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a girl in a white sweater outside.	neutral
8285	A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.	A woman sits next to a fountain.	entailment
8286	A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.	A woman and others are sitting next to a water fountain while throwing change in.	neutral
8287	A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.	A woman and two others are sitting inside a water fountain.	contradiction
8288	A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.	the woman is reading a book at home in her bedroom	contradiction
8289	A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.	a woman sits next to a fountain	entailment
8290	A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.	the woman is getting light spray from the fountain	neutral
8291	Men in hard hats and orange and green outfits walking outside of a gray concrete structure with short fencing in front of it.	Men are outside.	entailment
8292	Men in hard hats and orange and green outfits walking outside of a gray concrete structure with short fencing in front of it.	Men are working in construction to build a building.	neutral
8293	Men in hard hats and orange and green outfits walking outside of a gray concrete structure with short fencing in front of it.	Men are sleeping in the snow	contradiction
8294	A young woman sits near a fountain.	The woman is relaxing.	entailment
8295	A young woman sits near a fountain.	The woman throws a penny into the fountain.	neutral
8296	A young woman sits near a fountain.	The woman is walling.	contradiction
8297	A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.	A softball player swings and hits a ball.	entailment
8298	A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.	A softball player just hit a homerun.	neutral
8299	A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.	A softball player just scored the winning goal in the soccer game.	contradiction
8300	A woman poses for a picture outdoors.	A woman is taking a walk in the building.	contradiction
8301	A woman poses for a picture outdoors.	A woman poses for a photo outside.	entailment
8302	A woman poses for a picture outdoors.	A woman poses for a photo in a field.	neutral
8303	A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.	A dog is playing fetch with it's owner.	neutral
8304	A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.	A dog with a collar runs carrying a toy.	entailment
8305	A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.	A cat with no collar runs carrying a mouse.	contradiction
8306	a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.	A dog running carrying something to his owner.	neutral
8307	a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.	A dog running.	entailment
8308	a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.	A black dog walking carrying a pink object.	contradiction
8309	A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.	Someone's dog is lost and traveling alone.	neutral
8310	A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.	A dog with a toy in his mouth runs through a trail.	entailment
8311	A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.	A cat with a mouse in his mouth running through a field.	contradiction
8312	A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.	A young child plays on the beach.	entailment
8313	A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.	A child plays in the mud.	contradiction
8314	A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.	A child gets splashed by a wave while building a sand castle.	neutral
8315	A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.	The boy is crawling on the ground.	contradiction
8316	A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.	The boy is sticking out his tongue at someone or something.	entailment
8317	A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.	The boy is climbing beside his sister.	neutral
8318	A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.	the boy is standing in an apple orchard	contradiction
8319	A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.	The boy is small and standing	entailment
8320	A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.	the boy is tired	neutral
8321	A guy enjoying the day, having a barbecue.	A guy is getting ready to serve a salad.	contradiction
8322	A guy enjoying the day, having a barbecue.	A guy is cooking barbecued meat.	entailment
8323	A guy enjoying the day, having a barbecue.	A guy is having a barbecue for his family.	neutral
8324	A jockey with a red sports coat riding a horse jumping over an obstacle	A person is sitting on a horse	entailment
8325	A jockey with a red sports coat riding a horse jumping over an obstacle	A jockey is competing in a steeplechase	neutral
8326	A jockey with a red sports coat riding a horse jumping over an obstacle	The horse is asleep	contradiction
8327	Two cars are on a racetrack.	Two cars on highway wrecked.	contradiction
8328	Two cars are on a racetrack.	Two cars outside.	entailment
8329	Two cars are on a racetrack.	Two cars on racetrack racing.	neutral
8330	A girl in white dances.	A girl sings to the crowd.	contradiction
8331	A girl in white dances.	A person dances.	entailment
8332	A girl in white dances.	A girl in a white dress dances the polka.	neutral
8333	A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.	man on horse	entailment
8334	A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.	woman golfs	contradiction
8335	A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.	man teaches horse to jump	neutral
8336	A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.	A man joins a group of people	entailment
8337	A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.	A woman with a Mohawk stands alone.	contradiction
8338	A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.	A man with a Mohawk is joining a singing group.	neutral
8339	A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.	A kid is walking around the ice cream shop.	contradiction
8340	A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.	A kid is at college.	neutral
8341	A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.	A kid is dressed like a punk rocker.	entailment
8342	A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment	A girl in a white outfit is dancing.	entailment
8343	A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment	A girl in a white outfit is dancing for a crowd.	neutral
8344	A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment	A girl in a black outfit is sleeping.	contradiction
8345	A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.	A man rubs his bald head.	contradiction
8346	A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.	A man is on the college campus.	entailment
8347	A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.	A man smuggles drugs onto campus in his backpack.	neutral
8348	A woman with glasses staring into the camera at me.	A lady in glasses is staring into the camera at me.	entailment
8349	A woman with glasses staring into the camera at me.	A woman with glasses is getting ready to take a picture of me.	neutral
8350	A woman with glasses staring into the camera at me.	A man is looking into the camera at me.	contradiction
8351	A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.	The woman is taking pictures.	neutral
8352	A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.	The woman is wearing glasses.	entailment
8353	A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.	The woman is holding a cat to her face.	contradiction
8354	A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face, directing it at the photographer.	A woman in green sweater and striped shirt is holding a mask to her face while leaning out a window	contradiction
8355	A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face, directing it at the photographer.	A woman wearing a green sweater and striped shirt is holding a camera to her face while leaning out a window	entailment
8356	A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face, directing it at the photographer.	A woman in green sweater and a striped shirt is leaning out a building window while holding a camera	neutral
8357	Woman wearing green jacket taking a picture with a camera.	A woman in a green jacket takes photos.	entailment
8358	Woman wearing green jacket taking a picture with a camera.	A woman in red records some video.	contradiction
8359	Woman wearing green jacket taking a picture with a camera.	A woman in green takes photos on a trip.	neutral
8360	A woman is taking a picture.	Someone is capturing a photo.	entailment
8361	A woman is taking a picture.	A woman plays a game on her phone.	contradiction
8362	A woman is taking a picture.	A woman holds a camera.	neutral
8363	Wrestlers grapple on the floor.	Wrestlers decide to eat instead.	contradiction
8364	Wrestlers grapple on the floor.	Two wrestlers competing for the championship belt.	neutral
8365	Wrestlers grapple on the floor.	There are people inside.	neutral
8366	A woman in a white shirt, with white shorts and white high heeled shoes walks past a man in a black shirt and a black and white graffiti wall painting.	The woman locks the door to the restroom before going about her business.	contradiction
8367	A woman in a white shirt, with white shorts and white high heeled shoes walks past a man in a black shirt and a black and white graffiti wall painting.	The woman is worried about her safety.	neutral
8368	A woman in a white shirt, with white shorts and white high heeled shoes walks past a man in a black shirt and a black and white graffiti wall painting.	A woman is passing a man.	entailment
8369	guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	A man wearing a baseball cap stand by a window.	neutral
8370	guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	Three young boys are involved in a car accident.	contradiction
8371	guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	A guy wearing a cap is looking out through the glass window.	entailment
8372	A group of people in black dresses and robes singing.	People are singing.	entailment
8373	A group of people in black dresses and robes singing.	A lawyer is pleading his case in front of a judge.	contradiction
8374	A group of people in black dresses and robes singing.	A church choir is singing.	neutral
8375	A choir sings at a concert hall.	A choir competing for first place in a concert hall.	neutral
8376	A choir sings at a concert hall.	Two girls sleeping on the floor.	contradiction
8377	A choir sings at a concert hall.	A choir using their mouths to product sound.	entailment
8378	A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling.	The people are singing a church hymn.	neutral
8379	A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling.	The people are indoors.	entailment
8380	A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling.	The people are playing a game of volleyball.	contradiction
8381	A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.	the choir is wearign robes	neutral
8382	A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.	the choir is singing	entailment
8383	A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.	the athletes are practicing	contradiction
8384	A young boy plays on a swing.	A girl is on a swing.	contradiction
8385	A young boy plays on a swing.	A boy is on a swing.	entailment
8386	A young boy plays on a swing.	A boy is on a swing in the park.	neutral
8387	a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing	The boy is swinging on a swing because he's happy.	neutral
8388	a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing	The boy is sitting upright on a swing.	contradiction
8389	a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing	The boy is on a swing	entailment
8390	A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.	A little boy is playing in the park.	neutral
8391	A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.	The child is on a slide.	contradiction
8392	A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.	The child is on a swing.	entailment
8393	A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.	A kid is lying on a swing	entailment
8394	A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.	The boy isn't wearing a hat	contradiction
8395	A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.	The kid is tired	neutral
8396	a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet	An athlete is wearing a shirt.	entailment
8397	a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet	A player is about to compete in a tournament.	neutral
8398	a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet	A teenager is in a swimming pool.	contradiction
8399	A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.	An athlete is competing in a tennis match.	neutral
8400	A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.	The man is bowling.	contradiction
8401	A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.	A man is holding a tennis racket.	entailment
8402	A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.	A person is carrying a tennis racket.	entailment
8403	A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.	The person is playing tennis.	neutral
8404	A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.	The person is playinhg volleyball.	contradiction
8405	The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.	A person is playing Tennis at Wimbledon.	contradiction
8406	The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.	A tennis player wears a handband to keep the hair out of his eyes.	neutral
8407	The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.	A person has a multi-colored outfit on.	entailment
8408	A man plays tennis.	The man plays tennis often.	neutral
8409	A man plays tennis.	The woman plays tennis.	contradiction
8410	A man plays tennis.	The man plays tennis.	entailment
8411	A woman in a blue and white striped shirt holding a green comb.	A woman is holding a comb.	entailment
8412	A woman in a blue and white striped shirt holding a green comb.	A woman is brushing her hair.	neutral
8413	A woman in a blue and white striped shirt holding a green comb.	A woman is holding a sheep.	contradiction
8414	Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	young  woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	contradiction
8415	Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	women are holding a comb	entailment
8416	Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	black women are holding a comb	neutral
8417	Local African boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart.	A girl is walking alone and pushing a bicycle with a flat tire.	contradiction
8418	Local African boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart.	A boy is guiding horses pulling a cart.	neutral
8419	Local African boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart.	A boy is guiding animals pulling a cart.	entailment
8420	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy is outside.	entailment
8421	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A woman and her son driving down a dusty road.	entailment
8422	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	Two brown cows are pulling a wagon.	neutral
8423	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A girl is driving a car.	contradiction
8424	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy is in a wagon going down a dusty road.	entailment
8425	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A boy and his mother are moving.	neutral
8426	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy and his mother running away from home with their last cattle.	neutral
8427	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy is sitting with his brothers.	contradiction
8428	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy and some cattle are on a dirt road.	entailment
8429	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A boy rides down the highway in a car.	contradiction
8430	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy and mother in the same wagon heading down a dusty dirt road.	contradiction
8431	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A boy hugs a brown cow.	neutral
8432	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy has no mother.	contradiction
8433	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy is going to his grandparent's.	neutral
8434	A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A child is following his mom.	entailment
8435	an African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.	An African boy prepares tacos.	contradiction
8436	an African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.	The boy holding an umbrella has he drives his animals down a dirt road in the pouring rain.	neutral
8437	an African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.	A boy is driving animals outside down a dirt road.	entailment
8438	A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope.	Young girl guiding animals down a dirt road with a rope.	contradiction
8439	A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope.	Young boy guiding animals down a dirt road with a rope.	entailment
8440	A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope.	Young boy guiding dogs down a dirt road with a rope.	neutral
8441	A baseball player hitting the ball	A baseball player is hitting a ball.	entailment
8442	A baseball player hitting the ball	A baseball player is practicing by hitting a ball.	neutral
8443	A baseball player hitting the ball	A baseball player is resting.	contradiction
8444	A group of people demonstrating.	A group of people are sleeping.	contradiction
8445	A group of people demonstrating.	A group of protesters hold up their signs.	neutral
8446	A group of people demonstrating.	Several people are doing something together.	entailment
8447	A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	Some people are asleep.	entailment
8448	A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	Some people are sleeping on carpet.	neutral
8449	A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	Some people are sleeping in beds.	contradiction
8450	A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	A girl in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	contradiction
8451	A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	A boy in a red poncho is reading a book.	entailment
8452	A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	A boy in a red poncho is reading The Hobbit while leaning on a pole.	neutral
8453	A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page.	A child is enjoying the story.	neutral
8454	A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page.	A child is standing with his family.	contradiction
8455	A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page.	A child is listening to someone reading.	entailment
8456	An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.	A man lies on the floor	entailment
8457	An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.	A man is with children	neutral
8458	An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.	The man uses clothes for pillos	contradiction
8459	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are wrapped up in sleeping bags on a kitchen floor.	neutral
8460	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are preparing dinner for themselves.	contradiction
8461	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and children are asleep in a tiled room.	entailment
8462	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	The three people are napping before going to the swimming pool.	neutral
8463	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	There's a woman sleeping on the bed with her kids.	contradiction
8464	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children sleep outside	contradiction
8465	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a father and his two sons are asleep on the floor.	neutral
8466	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man was playing with his kids until they fell asleep.	neutral
8467	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Three people are sleeping indoors on a floor.	entailment
8468	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are asleep on the floor	entailment
8469	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are tired from playing	neutral
8470	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are playing frisbee in the park.	contradiction
8471	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children aren't sleeping on the couch.	entailment
8472	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Two children are sleeping.	entailment
8473	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Two children are playing xbox	contradiction
8474	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The floor is tiled.	entailment
8475	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a man wrestles with the children	neutral
8476	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The man and the two small children are standing on the tiled floor.	contradiction
8477	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a man rides his bike down a mountain	contradiction
8478	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	People are taking a nap.	neutral
8479	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a guy and two kids play inside	entailment
8480	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The man and two small children are laying down.	entailment
8481	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	two kids play with their dad	neutral
8482	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a man and two children lay on the floor	entailment
8483	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	People are tired.	entailment
8484	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	A man and his children talk about what they want to be when they grow up while laying down on the floor.	neutral
8485	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a day plays with his kids in the sand	contradiction
8486	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	People are at an amusment park.	contradiction
8487	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	A man is beating his wife.	contradiction
8488	A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The man is the two small children's father.	neutral
8489	A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.	the group of people are holding something in their hands.  They are outside	entailment
8490	A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.	the people are inside watching a movie	contradiction
8491	A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.	the people carry the texas flag in the parade	neutral
8492	A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van.	A policeman and his canine are searching for evidence at the crime scene while the paramedics talk to the victims.	neutral
8493	A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van.	A policeman and his canine are searching for something while paramedics talk by their van.	entailment
8494	A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van.	The paramedics treated the victims of the fire while the cop and his dog rested in their squad car.	contradiction
8495	Man in a blue shirt fires a gun at a target.	a man hits a bullseye with a shot	neutral
8496	Man in a blue shirt fires a gun at a target.	a man fires a bow at a target	contradiction
8497	Man in a blue shirt fires a gun at a target.	a man with a gun	entailment
8498	A good slide into home at a Philly game	A slide is happening.	entailment
8499	A good slide into home at a Philly game	A man is playing in the World Series.	contradiction
8500	A good slide into home at a Philly game	A man has just slid into home base.	neutral
8501	a woman painting her toenails red on the couch	A woman gently applies red nailpolish to her toenails.	entailment
8502	a woman painting her toenails red on the couch	The woman is wearing a pair of wool socks on both feet.	contradiction
8503	a woman painting her toenails red on the couch	The woman is in the process of giving herself a complete pedicure.	neutral
8504	A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.	The woman is inside.	contradiction
8505	A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.	The woman is touching the camel.	neutral
8506	A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.	The baby camel is outside.	entailment
8507	A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.	The cake has already been eaten.	contradiction
8508	A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.	There is a cake.	entailment
8509	A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.	The cake has white frosting.	neutral
8510	A soldier is helping two young children cut a large cake.	The soldier is riding a bus.	contradiction
8511	A soldier is helping two young children cut a large cake.	They are celebrating the soldiers birthday.	neutral
8512	A soldier is helping two young children cut a large cake.	The soldier is helping the kids.	entailment
8513	Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.	A woman is wearing green boots.	contradiction
8514	Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.	A person walks down a street.	entailment
8515	Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.	A woman has a black purse.	neutral
8516	a man standing outside of a restaurant.	A man smokes a cigarette outside a restaurant.	neutral
8517	a man standing outside of a restaurant.	A man stands outside of a sports shop.	contradiction
8518	a man standing outside of a restaurant.	A man stands outside a restaurant.	entailment
8519	An older, bald man is standing on the street holding a package.	There is someone driving a cab.	contradiction
8520	An older, bald man is standing on the street holding a package.	There is someone outside.	entailment
8521	An older, bald man is standing on the street holding a package.	There is someone delivering a box.	neutral
8522	Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.	The people are having fun while in a band.	neutral
8523	Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.	The people are playing music.	entailment
8524	Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.	The people are at the library reading.	contradiction
8525	A man with army fatigues is walking his dog.	The man is taking the dog around the block.	neutral
8526	A man with army fatigues is walking his dog.	A dog is being walked by an army gentleman.	entailment
8527	An old man with white hair in a red hat	A man with white hair poking from under a red hat	entailment
8528	An old man with white hair in a red hat	An old woman at a stove.	contradiction
8529	An old man with white hair in a red hat	An old man with white hair in a red hat and dirty overalls.	neutral
8530	A man in a plaid shirt and blue jeans stands on scaffolding.	A man is working.	neutral
8531	A man in a plaid shirt and blue jeans stands on scaffolding.	A man in a plain white shirt are shorts is under a scaffolding.	contradiction
8532	A man in a plaid shirt and blue jeans stands on scaffolding.	A man with a plaid shirt and jeans is on a scaffolding.	entailment
8533	Two men with colorful hats are playing the drums while another man plays a wind instrument.	At least three people are playing instruments.	entailment
8534	Two men with colorful hats are playing the drums while another man plays a wind instrument.	Three men are playing a game of basketball.	contradiction
8535	Two men with colorful hats are playing the drums while another man plays a wind instrument.	Three men are doing a street performance for a group of tourist.	neutral
8536	The man stands on the scaffolding as he looks outward.	He is taking a lunch break from washing windows	neutral
8537	The man stands on the scaffolding as he looks outward.	The man is waiting for a giant gorilla	contradiction
8538	The man stands on the scaffolding as he looks outward.	there is a man outside in this picture	entailment
8539	Two males are playing soccer while fans watch.	One of the men is kicking a golf ball.	contradiction
8540	Two males are playing soccer while fans watch.	The playing surface relatively smooth.	entailment
8541	Two males are playing soccer while fans watch.	The men are teammates.	neutral
8542	adults performing on a inside stage.	Children performing on a inside stage.	contradiction
8543	adults performing on a inside stage.	Adults on a stage.	entailment
8544	adults performing on a inside stage.	The adults are performing for children.	neutral
8545	A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage.	A group dressed in black are singing.	entailment
8546	A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage.	The lady showed off her dancing skills.	contradiction
8547	A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage.	A choir dressed in black is singing at a funeral.	neutral
8548	Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.	The players are rivals.	neutral
8549	Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.	The players play baseball.	contradiction
8550	Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.	There are soccer players.	entailment
8551	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A soccer game in mid-play.	entailment
8552	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	Two teams are playing a soccer game.	entailment
8553	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A group of people in sweatsuits are running a marathon down a narrow city street.	contradiction
8554	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A soccer game is a tie	neutral
8555	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	two men playing soccer in extra time	neutral
8556	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A cat walks on a fence.	contradiction
8557	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A basketball game is being played	contradiction
8558	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A soccer game is being played	entailment
8559	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	People are playing soccer.	entailment
8560	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	The men are throwing a football to each other.	contradiction
8561	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	The men are running on the field.	neutral
8562	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	two men play soccer	entailment
8563	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	The Olympic soccer trials in Belgium.	neutral
8564	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	The black team is winning.	neutral
8565	An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	two men playing fifa on xbox on the couch	contradiction
8566	Two soccer players, one in black and one in red, with the one in black attempting to steal the ball.	The kids are playing basketball.	contradiction
8567	Two soccer players, one in black and one in red, with the one in black attempting to steal the ball.	The team wearing red is in the lead.	neutral
8568	Two soccer players, one in black and one in red, with the one in black attempting to steal the ball.	Two people are playing soccer.	entailment
8569	A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.	The soccer player in red is shooting at the goal.	neutral
8570	A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.	The two people are playing horseshoes.	contradiction
8571	A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.	Two people are playing soccer.	entailment
8572	Fisherman on boat out on sea.	A fisherman is on the pier fishing.	contradiction
8573	Fisherman on boat out on sea.	A fisherman is fishing on a boat in the Atlantic.	neutral
8574	Fisherman on boat out on sea.	A fisherman is on a boat.	entailment
8575	Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing.	Two men in a boat.	entailment
8576	Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing.	A car sits at a dock.	contradiction
8577	Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing.	Two men enjoy their day.	neutral
8578	A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.	Two people are fishing from the boat.	neutral
8579	A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.	Two men are fist fighting.	contradiction
8580	A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.	Two men are outdoors.	entailment
8581	Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat.	men outside	entailment
8582	Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat.	a father and son fishing	neutral
8583	Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat.	a man and his wife making a movie	contradiction
8584	Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat.	Two men with dark hair are sailing outside, looking for some bass to catch.	neutral
8585	Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat.	Two men with dark hair are sailing outside.	entailment
8586	Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat.	Two girls are playing house in their backyard.	contradiction
8587	An Indian woman holds a child while looking at a large group of birds on the ground.	an indian woman is kidnapping a baby	contradiction
8588	An Indian woman holds a child while looking at a large group of birds on the ground.	an indian woman holds her child	neutral
8589	An Indian woman holds a child while looking at a large group of birds on the ground.	an indian woman holds a child	entailment
8590	A view of a nice building and sky with a guy standing on the roof.	A guy is looking at the sky.	neutral
8591	A view of a nice building and sky with a guy standing on the roof.	This person is jumping off the building right now.	contradiction
8592	A view of a nice building and sky with a guy standing on the roof.	A guy is standing on the roof of a building.	entailment
8593	An orange vehicle parked on a bridge.	The orange car drove too fast.	neutral
8594	An orange vehicle parked on a bridge.	The orange car is on a bridge.	entailment
8595	An orange vehicle parked on a bridge.	A blue car is broke down.	contradiction
8596	A small jockey jogs along side of the horse track with his horse through the green grass, as a photo is taken next to the Sparkasse sign in a 2012 horse event.	the jockey is asleep	contradiction
8597	A small jockey jogs along side of the horse track with his horse through the green grass, as a photo is taken next to the Sparkasse sign in a 2012 horse event.	a jockey is jogging	entailment
8598	A small jockey jogs along side of the horse track with his horse through the green grass, as a photo is taken next to the Sparkasse sign in a 2012 horse event.	the jockey is a woman	neutral
8599	A woman and three children, holding hands with each other, are crossing the street.	A woman and three children are outdoors.	entailment
8600	A woman and three children, holding hands with each other, are crossing the street.	The woman and three children cross the street individually.	contradiction
8601	A woman and three children, holding hands with each other, are crossing the street.	The woman is the mother of the three children.	neutral
8602	A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.	the girl is writing an exam in class	contradiction
8603	A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.	the girl is spanish	neutral
8604	A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.	a girl is standing	entailment
8605	Many shoppers are walking around in a mall.	The mall is no longer opened.	contradiction
8606	Many shoppers are walking around in a mall.	The shoppers are strolling the mall.	entailment
8607	Many shoppers are walking around in a mall.	The mall has many stores to shop in.	neutral
8608	A group of men gather and play instruments.	A group of women are playing Halo.	contradiction
8609	A group of men gather and play instruments.	A rock band is playing.	neutral
8610	A group of men gather and play instruments.	A group of people are playing instruments.	entailment
8611	The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.	A mom is comforting a small child that fell off a wall.	contradiction
8612	The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.	The small girl in the red shirt pushes her little brother on the baby swing.	neutral
8613	The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.	The little boy in the baby swing is being pushed by a little girl in a red shirt.	entailment
8614	A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.	Children are playing on the swings	entailment
8615	A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.	The children are laying there silently	contradiction
8616	A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.	The girl is wearing a red dress, and the boy is wearing overalls	neutral
8617	A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.	Three girls are in a car.	contradiction
8618	A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.	Two people are outside.	entailment
8619	A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.	It is sunny outside while the boy and girl are at the playground.	neutral
8620	a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.	The girl pushes the boy.	entailment
8621	a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.	The older men play on the playground.	contradiction
8622	a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.	The little girl and boy are siblings.	neutral
8623	A guy is shooting his rifle at a shooting range.	The man is sitting down at a desk.	contradiction
8624	A guy is shooting his rifle at a shooting range.	A man is firing a gun.	entailment
8625	A guy is shooting his rifle at a shooting range.	The man is practicing for a police exam.	neutral
8626	Man looking down the scope of a rifle preparing to shoot.	A man with a gun over his shoulder.	contradiction
8627	Man looking down the scope of a rifle preparing to shoot.	A man is preparing to shoot a target.	neutral
8628	Man looking down the scope of a rifle preparing to shoot.	A man is preparing to shoot a gun.	entailment
8629	A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.	the man is outside.	neutral
8630	A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.	the man is wearing earmuffs.	entailment
8631	A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.	the man is a baker.	contradiction
8632	Man, wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt, stares intensely into the scope of a rifle.	The man is holding a gun.	entailment
8633	Man, wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt, stares intensely into the scope of a rifle.	The man is shooting a deer.	neutral
8634	Man, wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt, stares intensely into the scope of a rifle.	The man is shooting with a bow.	contradiction
8635	Man in blue shirt shooting a rifle.	A man in a camo shirt is getting ready to go home.	contradiction
8636	Man in blue shirt shooting a rifle.	The man is practicing for hunting season.	neutral
8637	Man in blue shirt shooting a rifle.	The man is firing a gun.	entailment
8638	A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man is surfing with his yellow board.	neutral
8639	A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man is swimming in the lake.	contradiction
8640	A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man is in the water.	entailment
8641	Little girl in her bridesmaid dress sitting down with the bouquet.	The girl is enjoying herself.	neutral
8642	Little girl in her bridesmaid dress sitting down with the bouquet.	The girl is getting married.	contradiction
8643	Little girl in her bridesmaid dress sitting down with the bouquet.	The girl is at a wedding.	entailment
8644	A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air.	dancer tries new trick	neutral
8645	A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air.	dancer leaps	entailment
8646	A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air.	boy eats gummy worms	contradiction
8647	Two men wearing hats stand behind a table with flowers on it.	The flowers are white.	neutral
8648	Two men wearing hats stand behind a table with flowers on it.	There are two men wearing hats.	entailment
8649	Two men wearing hats stand behind a table with flowers on it.	The men are not wearing hats.	contradiction
8650	A little girl in a white dress sits in an open doorway holding a bouquet of flowers.	the boy is standing at a basketball court	contradiction
8651	A little girl in a white dress sits in an open doorway holding a bouquet of flowers.	The girl has flowers	entailment
8652	A little girl in a white dress sits in an open doorway holding a bouquet of flowers.	the girl is the flower girl in a wedding	neutral
8653	This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth.	The pitbull has something in his mouth.	entailment
8654	This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth.	The pitbull has a muzzle on.	contradiction
8655	This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth.	The pitbull is learning to fetch.	neutral
8656	Many kids are sitting and taking notes.	people standing and writing.	contradiction
8657	Many kids are sitting and taking notes.	people sitting and writing	neutral
8658	Many kids are sitting and taking notes.	people sitting	entailment
8659	Girl in the middle of a tennis match.	Nancy was in the middle of a tennis game.	entailment
8660	Girl in the middle of a tennis match.	Nancy was at the game.	neutral
8661	Girl in the middle of a tennis match.	Bob was taking score.	contradiction
8662	The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.	The poodle returns the football in the rain.	contradiction
8663	The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.	The pitbull is violent.	neutral
8664	The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.	The pitbull is outdoors.	entailment
8665	there are three cars at a four-way cross.	All of the cars have flat tires.	contradiction
8666	there are three cars at a four-way cross.	Some of the cars are stopped.	entailment
8667	there are three cars at a four-way cross.	Some of the cars are moving.	neutral
8668	A dog is playing with a football in the snow.	A dog is lazing in the sun	contradiction
8669	A dog is playing with a football in the snow.	an animal is ouside in winter	entailment
8670	A dog is playing with a football in the snow.	A huge black is playing with a football in the snow	neutral
8671	A female tennis player in a white shirt and black tennis skirt getting ready to swing.	The tennis player is watching TV.	contradiction
8672	A female tennis player in a white shirt and black tennis skirt getting ready to swing.	The tennis player is warming up to play a game of tennis.	neutral
8673	A female tennis player in a white shirt and black tennis skirt getting ready to swing.	The tennis player is at a tennis game.	entailment
8674	A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.	The woman is playing basketball	contradiction
8675	A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.	The woman is playing a sport	entailment
8676	A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.	The woman is in a tennis tournament	neutral
8677	A man is beginning to stand up on his surfboard in front of a small wave	a man stands on a surfboard on the beach	contradiction
8678	A man is beginning to stand up on his surfboard in front of a small wave	a man surfing	entailment
8679	A man is beginning to stand up on his surfboard in front of a small wave	A man gets up on his surfboard for the first time ever	neutral
8680	a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth	The white dog has something in it's mouth.	entailment
8681	a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth	The dog is taking holding a fish in it's mouth.	contradiction
8682	a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth	The white dog is old.	neutral
8683	A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack.	a skateboarder is doing tricks	entailment
8684	A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack.	a skateboarder is home eating dinner	contradiction
8685	A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack.	a skateboarder is performing for a crowd	neutral
8686	A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail.	A fully clothed man is rollerblading.	contradiction
8687	A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail.	A man is practicing for a skateboard competition.	neutral
8688	A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail.	The man is on a skateboard.	entailment
8689	a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth.	A dog is running in the woods.	neutral
8690	a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth.	A dog is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
8691	a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth.	A dog is playing fetch.	neutral
8692	A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	A dog isplaying fetch in a park.	neutral
8693	A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	A dog is sleeping in a doghouse.	contradiction
8694	A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	A dog is moving with an object.	entailment
8695	A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	The skateboarder does stunts.	entailment
8696	A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	The male skateboarder performs a stunt on a ramp.	contradiction
8697	A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	The skateboarder practices stunts for competitions.	neutral
8698	A child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	Two children are playing	entailment
8699	A child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	Two boys are playing	neutral
8700	A child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	A girl is the only one in a wagon being pushed	contradiction
8701	Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street.	Two law enforcers are posted on the corner of a street.	entailment
8702	Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street.	Two law enforcers are playing ping pong.	contradiction
8703	Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street.	Two law enforcers are jogging on the corner of a street.	neutral
8704	Three men are hauling pink bags onto a boat, a fourth man sits on some wood on the river staring into the distance.	Three women are relaxing on a cruise ship.	contradiction
8705	Three men are hauling pink bags onto a boat, a fourth man sits on some wood on the river staring into the distance.	Three men are working on the boat while the other is rafting.	neutral
8706	Three men are hauling pink bags onto a boat, a fourth man sits on some wood on the river staring into the distance.	Three men are hauling things onto a boat while another man stares into the distance.	entailment
8707	A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.	A rider is sleeping	contradiction
8708	A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.	A rider is at the rodeo	neutral
8709	A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.	A rider is staying on the bull	entailment
8710	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A man points a girl to a temple in Japan.	neutral
8711	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and boy are walking close while on the street.	entailment
8712	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two kids are riding mopeds.	contradiction
8713	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A couple walk down the street in China after going on a bike ride.	neutral
8714	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	The girl is alone in the kitchen.	contradiction
8715	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and a man are on a tandem bike.	contradiction
8716	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	The girl is wearing a shirt.	neutral
8717	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Someone is holding a bike near a girl walking somewhere in Asia.	entailment
8718	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two children play in the park.	contradiction
8719	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Trains race after one another in the middle of the desert.	contradiction
8720	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two people walk outside with a bike.	entailment
8721	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and boy walk down the street.	entailment
8722	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A boy is walking a girl home from school.	neutral
8723	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Someone points upward at an interesting building.	neutral
8724	A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	The girl is outside.	entailment
8725	A young woman dances in her ethnic attire.	A baseball player dances after a home run.	contradiction
8726	A young woman dances in her ethnic attire.	A woman wearing patterned clothing does a dance.	neutral
8727	A young woman dances in her ethnic attire.	A woman in ethnic dress dances.	entailment
8728	A woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.	The woman is singing a song into a microphone.	contradiction
8729	A woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.	The woman is performing on stage.	neutral
8730	A woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.	The woman is dancing.	entailment
8731	Woman in yellow costume smiling.	Woman in Halloween costume smiling.	neutral
8732	Woman in yellow costume smiling.	Woman in costume is happy.	entailment
8733	Woman in yellow costume smiling.	Woman plays soccer	contradiction
8734	Two girls wrapped in a blanket.	blanket is on fire	contradiction
8735	Two girls wrapped in a blanket.	blankets are warm	neutral
8736	Two girls wrapped in a blanket.	girls wrapped up	entailment
8737	A woman in jeans and a woman in white pants use a telescope.	The women are trying to find Mars.	neutral
8738	A woman in jeans and a woman in white pants use a telescope.	The women are looking through a microscope.	contradiction
8739	A woman in jeans and a woman in white pants use a telescope.	The women are using a telescope.	entailment
8740	A woman standing in a costume.	Someone is standing up and wearing a costume.	entailment
8741	A woman standing in a costume.	A woman is sitting down on a couch.	contradiction
8742	A woman standing in a costume.	A woman is dressed as Queen Elsa and is taking pictures with a group of little girls.	neutral
8743	A child in a blue jacket and black cap sits amongst flowers and candles.	The child is wearing a red cap.	contradiction
8744	A child in a blue jacket and black cap sits amongst flowers and candles.	The child is not standing.	entailment
8745	A child in a blue jacket and black cap sits amongst flowers and candles.	The child is a girl.	neutral
8746	A woman in tight white skinny jeans looks through a camera over a road, while another woman in skinny jeans watches on.	Two women are wearing skinny jeans.	entailment
8747	A woman in tight white skinny jeans looks through a camera over a road, while another woman in skinny jeans watches on.	Two women are wearing white skinny jeans.	neutral
8748	A woman in tight white skinny jeans looks through a camera over a road, while another woman in skinny jeans watches on.	The women are both wearing baggy jeans.	contradiction
8749	An infant in a blue shirt walking with the dog following behind.	A baby is walking with a dog behind him.	entailment
8750	An infant in a blue shirt walking with the dog following behind.	A baby is sitting in the road.	contradiction
8751	An infant in a blue shirt walking with the dog following behind.	A baby is walking away from the dog.	neutral
8752	A woman leads a toddler and dog on an uphill climb through a meadow.	The lady is leading the boy uphill.	entailment
8753	A woman leads a toddler and dog on an uphill climb through a meadow.	The lady has ice in her veins.	contradiction
8754	A woman leads a toddler and dog on an uphill climb through a meadow.	The boy and dog are tired.	neutral
8755	A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.	There are two people walking a dog up a hill.	entailment
8756	A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.	There is one person running on a flat road.	contradiction
8757	A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.	The two people are taking their dog for a walk.	neutral
8758	A woman and the kid are walking along with the dog.	The people are running.	contradiction
8759	A woman and the kid are walking along with the dog.	The people are walking.	entailment
8760	A woman and the kid are walking along with the dog.	The people are walking their dog named Fido.	neutral
8761	Two people walking up a hill with a dog.	Two people walking to the vet	neutral
8762	Two people walking up a hill with a dog.	Dog is showing people where the car is	contradiction
8763	Two people walking up a hill with a dog.	Two people outside	entailment
8764	A jockey riding a race horse in a grass field.	A man plays with his dog outside.	contradiction
8765	A jockey riding a race horse in a grass field.	A horse practices for a competition out in a field.	neutral
8766	A jockey riding a race horse in a grass field.	The man is riding a horse.	entailment
8767	Dog running through the weeds.	A dog is being chased by an angry bear.	neutral
8768	Dog running through the weeds.	A dog is running.	entailment
8769	Dog running through the weeds.	A dog is sitting on dirt.	contradiction
8770	A boy in a yellow shirt runs in a race.	A boy is watching people run.	contradiction
8771	A boy in a yellow shirt runs in a race.	A boy is running a race.	entailment
8772	A boy in a yellow shirt runs in a race.	A boy is outside.	neutral
8773	Participant 3442, a child in a yellow shirt, runs in a race.	The childs shirt is yellow	entailment
8774	Participant 3442, a child in a yellow shirt, runs in a race.	The child is only 8	neutral
8775	Participant 3442, a child in a yellow shirt, runs in a race.	The childs shirt is green	contradiction
8776	a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race	A boy is running towards the finish line while his classmates run behind him.	neutral
8777	a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race	A boy is in a competition.	entailment
8778	a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race	A boy is walking up the sidewalk to a house.	contradiction
8779	a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass	a dog is jumping	entailment
8780	a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass	the dog is asleep	contradiction
8781	a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass	the dog is a collie	neutral
8782	Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.	A dog in a field of high grass.	entailment
8783	Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.	A dog on a manicured lawn.	contradiction
8784	A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field	The dog is chasing a ball.	neutral
8785	A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field	The dog is outside.	entailment
8786	A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field	The dog had a blue harness.	contradiction
8787	A dog runs through the tall grass.	A dog runs in the grass for the last time.	neutral
8788	A dog runs through the tall grass.	A dog runs in the grass.	entailment
8789	A dog runs through the tall grass.	A dog is put down.	contradiction
8790	A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.	A man is demonstrating karate moves to a class at a beach.	neutral
8791	A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.	A man is at a beach practicing karate.	entailment
8792	A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.	Some people are playing volleyball at a beach.	contradiction
8793	There's a silhouette of a man at the beach kicking his leg in the air, while the sun is setting before him.	A man is on a plane	contradiction
8794	There's a silhouette of a man at the beach kicking his leg in the air, while the sun is setting before him.	A man is trying to make a cool pose with his shadow	neutral
8795	There's a silhouette of a man at the beach kicking his leg in the air, while the sun is setting before him.	A man is on the beach	entailment
8796	A man is standing on the shore is holding up one leg while the sun is setting.	A man throws a football to a woman.	contradiction
8797	A man is standing on the shore is holding up one leg while the sun is setting.	There is a man outside.	entailment
8798	A man is standing on the shore is holding up one leg while the sun is setting.	A man is doing yoga on the beach.	neutral
8799	A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high, on a beach, at sunset.	A man does yoga on a beach.	neutral
8800	A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high, on a beach, at sunset.	A man on a beach.	entailment
8801	A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high, on a beach, at sunset.	A man sleeps at noon.	contradiction
8802	A muscular man is exercising on the beach in the beautiful sunset.	A man is sunbathing at the beach.	contradiction
8803	A muscular man is exercising on the beach in the beautiful sunset.	A man is exercising at Redondo Beach.	neutral
8804	A muscular man is exercising on the beach in the beautiful sunset.	A man is exercising at the beach.	entailment
8805	A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".	The man is walking.	entailment
8806	A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".	The man is napping.	contradiction
8807	A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".	The man has a good sense of humor.	neutral
8808	A guy in a' Long Live The Dead' t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a yellow taxi.	The man is going to push his cart into the yellow taxi.	neutral
8809	A guy in a' Long Live The Dead' t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a yellow taxi.	There is a man in a t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a taxi.	entailment
8810	A guy in a' Long Live The Dead' t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a yellow taxi.	The man with no shirt on pushes a taxi with a shopping cart in the trunk.	contradiction
8811	Men in safety colors and hard hats in a construction area.	Men exhausted from working.	neutral
8812	Men in safety colors and hard hats in a construction area.	Men resting at a truck stop.	contradiction
8813	Men in safety colors and hard hats in a construction area.	Men in a construction area.	entailment
8814	Construction workers working.	Workers are taking a break.	contradiction
8815	Construction workers working.	Workers are building a wall.	neutral
8816	Construction workers working.	Workers are working.	entailment
8817	Workers are at work under scaffolding.	Working are taking break	contradiction
8818	Workers are at work under scaffolding.	Working under extreme conditions	neutral
8819	Workers are at work under scaffolding.	men at work under the dangerous scaffolding	neutral
8820	A group of construction workers are working.	A group of guys outside.	neutral
8821	A group of construction workers are working.	Guys wearing helmets.	entailment
8822	A group of construction workers are working.	Some men sleeping inside.	contradiction
8823	Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes.	the workers are swimmign	contradiction
8824	Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes.	the workers are underground.	neutral
8825	Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes.	The workers are working in london.	entailment
8826	These are construction workers with orange safety vests working on in a British Underground.	Construction workers in yellow vests are working on the Metro North.	contradiction
8827	These are construction workers with orange safety vests working on in a British Underground.	The British Underground is delayed because construction workers are working on it.	neutral
8828	These are construction workers with orange safety vests working on in a British Underground.	The British Underground is being worked on by construction workers.	entailment
8829	A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.	A mann surfing	entailment
8830	A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.	A man swimming	neutral
8831	A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.	A man building a fire	contradiction
8832	Two men are standing on a corner with empty rickshaws while people on bicycles ride by in the background.	Men are standing on a corner with wheelbarrows full of fruit.	contradiction
8833	Two men are standing on a corner with empty rickshaws while people on bicycles ride by in the background.	Men are on the corner with their rickshaws.	entailment
8834	Two men are standing on a corner with empty rickshaws while people on bicycles ride by in the background.	Men stand with empty rickshaws waiting on todays delivery.	neutral
8835	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men dressed in summer clothes stands in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws.	entailment
8836	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two men are rickshaw drivers	neutral
8837	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men are wearing shorts.	entailment
8838	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men are riding rickshaws without any clothes on.	contradiction
8839	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men dressed in summer clothes are about to hop on the rickshaws for transportation.	neutral
8840	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men stand by their richshaw bikes.	neutral
8841	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two men on a hot air balloon	contradiction
8842	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men ride bikes fast down the street.	contradiction
8843	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men stand in front of a pair of rickshaws.	entailment
8844	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men stand in summer clothes.	entailment
8845	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two men stand together	entailment
8846	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two young men dressed in winter clothes work by pulling rickshaws for others.	contradiction
8847	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men are wearing long blue jeans	contradiction
8848	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men are planning on getting on the rickshaws.	neutral
8849	Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men are preparing to work	neutral
8850	Two men with shorts on are standing on the curbs with their carts.	Two men are grocery shopping in the store.	contradiction
8851	Two men with shorts on are standing on the curbs with their carts.	Two men are standing outside.	entailment
8852	Two men with shorts on are standing on the curbs with their carts.	Two men are waiting to cross the road with their carts.	neutral
8853	Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.	Two rickshaw operators wait for a fair.	entailment
8854	Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.	Two rickshaw operators wait for a fair to come back from inside.	neutral
8855	Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.	Two rickshaw operators are taking a break.	contradiction
8856	A woman is putting her dark clothes in the dryer.	A woman is cleaning all her clothes.	neutral
8857	A woman is putting her dark clothes in the dryer.	A woman is putting clothes in the laundry.	entailment
8858	A woman is putting her dark clothes in the dryer.	A woman is taking clothes to the laundromat.	contradiction
8859	That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.	the woman backflips in the air	contradiction
8860	That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.	the woman points at her clothes in the dryer	entailment
8861	That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.	the woman points at her clothes because they will soon be done	neutral
8862	a woman in black is pulling black clothes out of the dryer.	A lady retrieving clothes from the dryer.	entailment
8863	a woman in black is pulling black clothes out of the dryer.	Two guys lift a refrigerator up the steps.	contradiction
8864	a woman in black is pulling black clothes out of the dryer.	A petite woman wearing a black dress pulls clothes from her Maytag dryer.	neutral
8865	A woman removing clothes from a dryer.	A woman is preparing to fold clean clothes.	neutral
8866	A woman removing clothes from a dryer.	A person is doing laundry.	entailment
8867	A woman removing clothes from a dryer.	A woman is loading the dishwasher.	contradiction
8868	A shirtless soldier is shaving his face out in the street while his dog drinks some water.	A man and a dog are shaving and drinking, respectively.	entailment
8869	A shirtless soldier is shaving his face out in the street while his dog drinks some water.	The man is shaving without shaving cream.	neutral
8870	A shirtless soldier is shaving his face out in the street while his dog drinks some water.	The man is drinking some water.	contradiction
8871	A man is standing in what appears to be a parking lot and shaving his face, while his dog looks at the ground near his feet.	A man is waiting for someone	neutral
8872	A man is standing in what appears to be a parking lot and shaving his face, while his dog looks at the ground near his feet.	A man is in a parking lot	entailment
8873	A man is standing in what appears to be a parking lot and shaving his face, while his dog looks at the ground near his feet.	A women is walking with a man	contradiction
8874	A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool.	A girl is in water.	entailment
8875	A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool.	A girl is practicing for a swim meet.	neutral
8876	A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool.	The girl shooting a basketball into a hoop.	contradiction
8877	A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.	lone man jumps	contradiction
8878	A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.	man and woman wait for ride	neutral
8879	A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.	man and woman on bench	entailment
8880	A woman works a project with thread in hand.	A woman is working on making a shirt.	neutral
8881	A woman works a project with thread in hand.	A woman works on a project with a thread in hand.	entailment
8882	A woman works a project with thread in hand.	A dog plays in the mud.	contradiction
8883	A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.	Children run along the path through the forest.	contradiction
8884	A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.	A girl runs on the beach while birds fly overhead.	neutral
8885	A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.	Birds are flying over the child near the water.	entailment
8886	A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.	The brown haired child is on the monkey bars.	contradiction
8887	A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.	The child on the swing had their legs extended forward.	neutral
8888	A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.	The child in the green shoes is outside.	entailment
8889	A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people.	woman dancing outside	contradiction
8890	A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people.	person holding camera outside	neutral
8891	A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people.	woman with camera among crowd	entailment
8892	A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	A woman in green shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	contradiction
8893	A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	A woman is holding  a camera.	entailment
8894	A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people preparing to take their picture.	neutral
8895	A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.	The lady wearing glasses has her camera stored away in her bag.\	contradiction
8896	A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.	The lady wearing glasses is about to take a picture of a group of people.	neutral
8897	A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.	The lady wearing glasses is holding a prepared camera.	entailment
8898	A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera.	The woman is taking pictures of her baby.	neutral
8899	A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera.	A woman is holding up a camera.	entailment
8900	A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera.	A man wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as he holds up his camera.	contradiction
8901	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	There are some workers at a construction site.	entailment
8902	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Workers take their break and chat while still inside the unfinished building.	neutral
8903	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The building is completely built.	contradiction
8904	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Several workers sit in a partially constructed building.	contradiction
8905	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The men take a lunch break before getting back to work.	neutral
8906	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Two hats catch on fire, and burn with a mysterious blue flame.	contradiction
8907	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The workers are at a skateboarding event.	contradiction
8908	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	People are near a street.	entailment
8909	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The workers are near a building that has not been completed.	entailment
8910	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Several workers stand in a building.	entailment
8911	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Several workers are on a break from constructing a building.	neutral
8912	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The workers are looking at building plans.	neutral
8913	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Construction workers stand in an unfinished building.	entailment
8914	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	People are riding camels in a vast desert.	contradiction
8915	several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Workers are hammering on building walls.	neutral
8916	A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	A woman takes a picture of herself to post on Facebook	neutral
8917	A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	A woman in a red dress poses as someone else takes a picture	contradiction
8918	A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	A woman prepares to take a picture	entailment
8919	The dog is playing in the water.	The dog is napping on his master's down covered master bed.	contradiction
8920	The dog is playing in the water.	The dog has jumped in the water to get the ball.	neutral
8921	The dog is playing in the water.	The dog is outside in the pool.	entailment
8922	a black dog runs through the water.	A spaceship is hovering over the White House.	contradiction
8923	a black dog runs through the water.	A dog is in the water.	entailment
8924	a black dog runs through the water.	A dog is fetching a duck from a pond.	neutral
8925	A black dog runs into the water at the beach.	the wind is howling	contradiction
8926	A black dog runs into the water at the beach.	the dog is outside	entailment
8927	A black dog runs into the water at the beach.	the dog is wet	neutral
8928	A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.	A black dog is running after a ball.	neutral
8929	A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.	A black dog is asleep on the floor.	contradiction
8930	A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.	A black dog is running on the beach.	entailment
8931	A woman stares at something lighted that three people are holding in front of her.	A woman is staring.	entailment
8932	A woman stares at something lighted that three people are holding in front of her.	A woman is staring at a tablet.	neutral
8933	A woman stares at something lighted that three people are holding in front of her.	A man is bending over.	contradiction
8934	A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.	The woman is lighting her own cigarette.	contradiction
8935	A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.	The man is holding a lighter.	entailment
8936	A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.	The woman has the cigarette in her mouth.	neutral
8937	three men lighting a woman in a green shirt's cigarette.	There are people throwing cigarettes	contradiction
8938	three men lighting a woman in a green shirt's cigarette.	There are people with cigarettes	entailment
8939	three men lighting a woman in a green shirt's cigarette.	There are people smoking cigarettes	neutral
8940	A dog running in the surf.	A dog running fast	neutral
8941	A dog running in the surf.	Dog running in the surf	entailment
8942	A dog running in the surf.	Dog eating pedigree	contradiction
8943	Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.	The crowd is bored of the drum performance.	neutral
8944	Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.	A crowd watches a group play drums.	entailment
8945	Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.	A group of monkeys play the drums.	contradiction
8946	A band is playing music with rowdy and crude fans.	A band rehearses in an empty auditorium.	contradiction
8947	A band is playing music with rowdy and crude fans.	Musicians performing for an unruly crowd.	entailment
8948	A band is playing music with rowdy and crude fans.	A punk rock band performing for a crowd of fans at a concert.	neutral
8949	Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night.	The pair squint in the bright sun.	contradiction
8950	Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night.	Two people are outside at night.	entailment
8951	Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night.	The friends say their goodbyes.	neutral
8952	A man gives the camera the finger as a band plays a house party.	A guy makes a gesture at the camera at a get together.	entailment
8953	A man gives the camera the finger as a band plays a house party.	Two women sit outside drinking tea.	contradiction
8954	A man gives the camera the finger as a band plays a house party.	A young man points his middle finger up as a band with three members plays at a crowded house party.	neutral
8955	Men dancing and flipping of the camera listening to music.	Drunk frat boys at a party.	neutral
8956	Men dancing and flipping of the camera listening to music.	A girl running through a grocery store.	contradiction
8957	Men dancing and flipping of the camera listening to music.	Men dance.	entailment
8958	A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.	A man is playing drums.	contradiction
8959	A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.	A man is dancing with a band.	entailment
8960	A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.	A man is singing and dancing with a band.	neutral
8961	A rock band playing for a small audience in a house.	A band is playing music	entailment
8962	A rock band playing for a small audience in a house.	The band's instruments don't work	contradiction
8963	A rock band playing for a small audience in a house.	The band is all-female	neutral
8964	A woman walking down a crowded street	The woman is picking up her baby from daycare.	contradiction
8965	A woman walking down a crowded street	A woman is shopping.	neutral
8966	A woman walking down a crowded street	She is outside.	entailment
8967	Many people wearing numbers, hats and jackets are running in a race.	The people are waiting to get into a football stadium.	contradiction
8968	Many people wearing numbers, hats and jackets are running in a race.	The people are walking towards a start line with numbers.	neutral
8969	Many people wearing numbers, hats and jackets are running in a race.	Lots pf people are wearing numbers and clothes seem to be in a race.	entailment
8970	A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city.	A little boy jumps rope and swims in a pool in his rich city.	contradiction
8971	A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city.	A little boy plays with a ball in his poor city.	entailment
8972	A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city.	A little boy plays with the only toy his parents can afford, a ball.	neutral
8973	A man is standing in the road, smiling.	A man is happy that he sees a friend coming down the street.	neutral
8974	A man is standing in the road, smiling.	A man smiles on the road.	entailment
8975	A man is standing in the road, smiling.	A man is sad when he goes to bed.	contradiction
8976	Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts	A person's foot contacting a football	entailment
8977	Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts	Man kicking off the start of the football game	neutral
8978	Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts	Man in T-shirt and shorts mowing his lawn	contradiction
8979	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man is checking his ATM account.	contradiction
8980	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The spectators are throwing flowers at the man in a black and white suit.	neutral
8981	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man is putting on a show.	entailment
8982	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man is doing magic tricks.	neutral
8983	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	Some of the spectators are not looking at the man.	neutral
8984	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The man catches a juggling pin.	contradiction
8985	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The spectators are dropping money into a hat.	neutral
8986	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The man is doing palm reading for a crowd.	contradiction
8987	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A group is viewing a street performance.	entailment
8988	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man in a tuxedo performs for a crowd.	entailment
8989	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man dressed in a black and white outfit is juggling.	entailment
8990	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man swings a baseball bat in the park.	contradiction
8991	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	People watch the man juggle for tips.	neutral
8992	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The people are throwing things at the man who is singing.	contradiction
8993	A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man juggles rings for spectators.	entailment
8994	Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.	The woman is latina.	neutral
8995	Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.	The woman is facing away from the camera.	neutral
8996	Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.	The woman is firing a bazooka at an army of cybernetic gorillas.	contradiction
8997	A young man rides a wakeboard.	A man rides on the waves.	entailment
8998	A young man rides a wakeboard.	A man riding a wakeboard in cold water.	neutral
8999	A young man rides a wakeboard.	A man laying on the beach.	contradiction
9000	Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen.	Older man with beard is cooking.	entailment
9001	Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen.	The man is cooking for his wide.	neutral
9002	Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen.	Older woman with beard is cooking.	contradiction
9003	A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A woman is baking cookies.	contradiction
9004	A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A man fries some food.	entailment
9005	A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A man is making fried chicken.	neutral
9006	An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance.	There is a man looking in the mirror	contradiction
9007	An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance.	There is a man looking into the far	entailment
9008	An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance.	There is a man looking into the far at kids playing	neutral
9009	A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.	The child stands with his grandmother.	neutral
9010	A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.	The child is alone.	contradiction
9011	A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.	There is a subway station on 96th Street.	entailment
9012	A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop.	Grandma and grandson.	neutral
9013	A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop.	Grandfather holding grandson's hand.	contradiction
9014	A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop.	Grandma and grandson waiting for train.	entailment
9015	An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway.	A grandma enjoys spending the afternoon with her grandson.	neutral
9016	An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway.	A child has at least one of his hands occupied.	entailment
9017	An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway.	A old lady looks through her cabinets for her favorite mug.	contradiction
9018	A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan.	The man is sleeping.	contradiction
9019	A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan.	The man is cooking food.	entailment
9020	A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan.	The man is making fried chicken.	neutral
9021	A lady and a boy are holding hands.	The people are touching.	entailment
9022	A lady and a boy are holding hands.	A woman and her son walk to school together.	neutral
9023	A lady and a boy are holding hands.	The people are on opposite sides of a 4-lane highway.	contradiction
9024	A child sits on a sidewalk as people walk by.	The child is drawing on the sidewalk with chalk.	neutral
9025	A child sits on a sidewalk as people walk by.	The child is outside.	entailment
9026	A child sits on a sidewalk as people walk by.	The child is on the couch.	contradiction
9027	A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.	A little boy is playing with blocks in the living room.	contradiction
9028	A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.	A little boy is playing outside.	entailment
9029	A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.	A little boy is playing outside in a sprinkler in summer.	neutral
9030	A singer standing in green light.	A singer stands onstage as a green light shines on them.	neutral
9031	A singer standing in green light.	A singer stands inside a green light.	entailment
9032	A singer standing in green light.	A guitar player sits on a stool and plays.	contradiction
9033	A lady in khaki pants and a peach shirt walking over a bridge with her had on her head and a young boy sitting in front of her next to a bamboo.	A man is walking over a bridge.	contradiction
9034	A lady in khaki pants and a peach shirt walking over a bridge with her had on her head and a young boy sitting in front of her next to a bamboo.	A woman is walking over bridge.	entailment
9035	A lady in khaki pants and a peach shirt walking over a bridge with her had on her head and a young boy sitting in front of her next to a bamboo.	A woman is walking to her child.	neutral
9036	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	Goats fleeing from a bridge after realizing a troll was beneath it.	contradiction
9037	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	The boy is alone in his house.	contradiction
9038	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	The boy is reading his book.	neutral
9039	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A person with a hat	entailment
9040	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A blonde boy with a hat.	neutral
9041	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A teenage boy jogs through a park alone.	contradiction
9042	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A man wearing a mask is waiting for his friends.	contradiction
9043	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	The boy is outdoors.	entailment
9044	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A boy is waiting for his friends by the bridge.	neutral
9045	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	People passing by a young man.	entailment
9046	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	People trying to ignore the hoodlum skulking below the bridge.	neutral
9047	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A teenage boy with a red hat sits near a bridge waiting for his friend to arrive, he watch the people walking by to see if any are his friend.	neutral
9048	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	Nobody has a hat	contradiction
9049	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A teenage boy sits outside and people are walking by.	entailment
9050	A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	There is a boy wearing a hat.	entailment
9051	A boy with a red hat is sitting and selling things on the street.	A young boy is selling merchandise with his mother, a street vendor.	neutral
9052	A boy with a red hat is sitting and selling things on the street.	A boy is sitting outside	entailment
9053	A boy with a red hat is sitting and selling things on the street.	The boy is wearing a blue hat and sitting inside.	contradiction
9054	A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge.	The woman is at home in her pajamas.	contradiction
9055	A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge.	The woman is outdoors.	entailment
9056	A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge.	The woman is reading a book.	neutral
9057	A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss, is crying and upset.	The young baby is in a stroller.	neutral
9058	A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss, is crying and upset.	The young baby is smiling and laughing.	contradiction
9059	A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss, is crying and upset.	The young baby is crying.	entailment
9060	A young boy in a striped shirt is holding a cricket.	A boy is wearing a polka dot shirt.	contradiction
9061	A young boy in a striped shirt is holding a cricket.	A boy is holding an insect.	entailment
9062	A young boy in a striped shirt is holding a cricket.	A boy is holding a cricket in the backyard.	neutral
9063	Two young girls are outside in dresses.	Two young girls are outside	entailment
9064	Two young girls are outside in dresses.	Two young girls are happily outside	neutral
9065	Two young girls are outside in dresses.	Two young girls are not outside	contradiction
9066	A boy in a red, white, and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug.	The boy is playing with a cat.	contradiction
9067	A boy in a red, white, and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug.	A boy has a bug.	entailment
9068	A boy in a red, white, and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug.	The boy is playing with the bug.	neutral
9069	A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A man in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	contradiction
9070	A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A woman in yellow clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	neutral
9071	A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A woman in bright clothes has a blanket above her head	entailment
9072	A young boy wearing a red, white and blue striped shirt is holding a spider in his right hand as he looks at.	A boy caught a spider and is now letting it go.	neutral
9073	A young boy wearing a red, white and blue striped shirt is holding a spider in his right hand as he looks at.	A boy is holding and watching a spider.	entailment
9074	A young boy wearing a red, white and blue striped shirt is holding a spider in his right hand as he looks at.	The boy eats the spider.	contradiction
9075	A baby, wearing an "I am the Boss" shirt, cries and clenches its fist.	The baby is using pooping on itself.	neutral
9076	A baby, wearing an "I am the Boss" shirt, cries and clenches its fist.	A baby crys and clenches its fist.	entailment
9077	A baby, wearing an "I am the Boss" shirt, cries and clenches its fist.	The teenager cries and clenches its fist.	contradiction
9078	A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.	The man speaks into a microphone.	entailment
9079	A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.	The man at speaks to a group at the church meeting.	neutral
9080	A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.	The woman sang into the microphone.	contradiction
9081	A man in casual clothes is speaking in front of people.	there is a gentleman giving the speech	entailment
9082	A man in casual clothes is speaking in front of people.	politicians lways wear casuals	contradiction
9083	A man in casual clothes is speaking in front of people.	casual wear doesnt matter for a leader	neutral
9084	An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop.	There is an elderly couple sitting together at the coffee shop.	entailment
9085	An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop.	A man and woman sit sipping coffee.	neutral
9086	An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop.	A young woman and her new boyfriend are drinking coffee together at the coffee shop.	contradiction
9087	Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.	People on a street.	entailment
9088	Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.	A rainy street sits empty in the night.	contradiction
9089	Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.	Some people peddle wares on a corner while others walk past them.	neutral
9090	A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	People gather on a corner.	entailment
9091	A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	A mime goes skiing.	contradiction
9092	A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	Adults talk.	neutral
9093	A public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	A speaker discussing what needs to be changed in his Office.	entailment
9094	A public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	A female public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	neutral
9095	A public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	A public speaker eating lunch in a restaurant.	contradiction
9096	Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.	There are some dogs running in the road.	contradiction
9097	Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.	Two dogs are playing on the lawn.	entailment
9098	Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.	Some dogs are playing.	neutral
9099	A young woman plays professional tennis.	An athletic woman plays tennis.	entailment
9100	A young woman plays professional tennis.	A young woman is playing beach volleyball.	contradiction
9101	A young woman plays professional tennis.	A young woman is playing in a tennis tournament.	neutral
9102	A woman, in a black hoodie, looking at goods in a store.	The woman's breasts are covered by a hoody	entailment
9103	A woman, in a black hoodie, looking at goods in a store.	She is inside a store	neutral
9104	A woman, in a black hoodie, looking at goods in a store.	She is skydiving	contradiction
9105	A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly-haired puppy.	The dogs are sleeping in the kennel.	contradiction
9106	A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly-haired puppy.	The puppies are playing together.	entailment
9107	A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly-haired puppy.	The dogs are playing tug of war with a bone.	neutral
9108	A woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	A sad woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	neutral
9109	A woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	A woman strides across the corner of a racket ball court with her racket in the air.	contradiction
9110	A woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	A person strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	entailment
9111	The tennis player is enjoying her game while the crowd watch her every move.	There is a tennis ball	entailment
9112	The tennis player is enjoying her game while the crowd watch her every move.	A tennis player is playing baseball	contradiction
9113	The tennis player is enjoying her game while the crowd watch her every move.	The tennis player is winning	neutral
9114	A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.	A mother cat plays with her kitten.	contradiction
9115	A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.	A dog and a puppy play.	entailment
9116	A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.	A mother plays with her pup.	neutral
9117	A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.	A young man crosses the street.	entailment
9118	A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
9119	A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.	A young man is walking threw town.	neutral
9120	A group of young men wearing helmets and armed with golf clubs form a line and prepare to defend a cause.	A group of young men not wearing helmets	contradiction
9121	A group of young men wearing helmets and armed with golf clubs form a line and prepare to defend a cause.	A group of young men joyously wearing helmets	neutral
9122	A group of young men wearing helmets and armed with golf clubs form a line and prepare to defend a cause.	A group of young men wearing helmets	entailment
9123	a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.	There is a toddler outside	entailment
9124	a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.	The toddler is wearing a red sweater.	contradiction
9125	a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.	A toddler is running to his mom.	neutral
9126	A dog plays in the snow.	There is snow outside	entailment
9127	A dog plays in the snow.	A dog is playing in the desert	contradiction
9128	A dog plays in the snow.	A dog is playing with his owners in a pile of snow	neutral
9129	A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician.	The woman was a singer.	neutral
9130	A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician.	He was playing the piano.	contradiction
9131	A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician.	The woman held the paper.	entailment
9132	a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.	The dog is going through a green hoop.	contradiction
9133	a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.	The dog likes to jump.	neutral
9134	a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.	The dog is jumping.	entailment
9135	A man and woman are running in a race.	People run a race.	entailment
9136	A man and woman are running in a race.	A couple sits and watches a movie.	contradiction
9137	A man and woman are running in a race.	A man and woman compete in a all-gender race in a "Battle of the sexes" day.	neutral
9138	Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition.	the runners are going the wrong way	contradiction
9139	Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition.	two people in a running competition	entailment
9140	Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition.	the two are trying to beat each other in the race	neutral
9141	A man and a woman are competing in a race.	The man and woman are racing each other in race cars.	neutral
9142	A man and a woman are competing in a race.	The man and woman are riding a tandem bicycle.	contradiction
9143	A man and a woman are competing in a race.	A man and woman are racing one another.	entailment
9144	A dog jumping through a hoop.	The dog is able to do tricks.	entailment
9145	A dog jumping through a hoop.	The dog is being trained.	neutral
9146	A dog jumping through a hoop.	The dog is training to be a cat.	contradiction
9147	a guy and a girl running.	The man and woman are dancing.	contradiction
9148	a guy and a girl running.	The couple are going for a run together.	neutral
9149	a guy and a girl running.	The people are running.	entailment
9150	A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A naked man.	contradiction
9151	A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A man with a backpack and sunglasses.	entailment
9152	A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A man wearing only blue underwear, a backpack, and sunglasses.	neutral
9153	A man cooking rice on a brick stove.	A person cooks rice.	entailment
9154	A man cooking rice on a brick stove.	A woman makes dinner on the ceramic stovetop.	contradiction
9155	A man cooking rice on a brick stove.	A man with a large pot cooking rice on a stove.	neutral
9156	Two knights on horses joust.	The knights are on the ground fighting with swords.	contradiction
9157	Two knights on horses joust.	The knights are jousting on horseback.	entailment
9158	Two knights on horses joust.	The knights are competing at Renaissance Festival.	neutral
9159	A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.	They are inside.	entailment
9160	A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.	They are eating.	neutral
9161	A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.	They are taking a nap.	contradiction
9162	Many kids are jumping in bags.	The kids are having a sack race.	neutral
9163	Many kids are jumping in bags.	The kids are swimming in a pool.	contradiction
9164	Many kids are jumping in bags.	Kids are jumping.	entailment
9165	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people are jousting.	entailment
9166	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	There are people jousting indoors.	contradiction
9167	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People are watching two people joust.	entailment
9168	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Participants at a festival pretend to fight for a crowd.	neutral
9169	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	There is a jousting competition going on.	neutral
9170	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The people watching are fascinated.	neutral
9171	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The duel will end in a tie.	neutral
9172	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people are feeding the horses.	contradiction
9173	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	There are people jousting and a crowd watching.	entailment
9174	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people hold shields.	entailment
9175	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	They are at a Renaissance fair.	neutral
9176	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The jousters are riding mules.	contradiction
9177	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The jousters had no lances.	contradiction
9178	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People in a swimming pool splash each other.	contradiction
9179	Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People are on horses fighting with each other in front of spectators.	entailment
9180	A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience.	the man is dressed in white and jumping	contradiction
9181	A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience.	a man dressed inred	entailment
9182	A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience.	the man is a villain	neutral
9183	A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.	An elderly man is making a traditional street food dish	entailment
9184	A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.	The elderly man is making food to sale on the street.	neutral
9185	A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.	The Elderly woman is making drinks for people at a street corner.	contradiction
9186	This is a renaissance fair with two men on horses dueling.	The men are dueling.	entailment
9187	This is a renaissance fair with two men on horses dueling.	The men are dueling while riding dogs.	contradiction
9188	This is a renaissance fair with two men on horses dueling.	There is a large crowd watching the men duel.	neutral
9189	A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	Two women wrestle in the mud.	contradiction
9190	A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	Two women rollerblading together.	neutral
9191	A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	Two women hanging out together.	entailment
9192	Protesters wearing yellow scarves and helmets form a human wall for other protesters carrying a variety of flags.	The protesters in yellow are the protection for the other protesters.	neutral
9193	Protesters wearing yellow scarves and helmets form a human wall for other protesters carrying a variety of flags.	The protesters wearing yellow form a human wall for the flag carrying protesters.	entailment
9194	Protesters wearing yellow scarves and helmets form a human wall for other protesters carrying a variety of flags.	The people are quietly observing.	contradiction
9195	There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.	There are only three people visible.	contradiction
9196	There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.	There is a Home Depot in the shopping center.	neutral
9197	There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.	There are people with items in their carts.	entailment
9198	A football player trying to rush the opponents quarterback.	A football player is trying to tackle a quarterback.	entailment
9199	A football player trying to rush the opponents quarterback.	A linebacker is attempting to deflect an upcoming pass.	neutral
9200	A football player trying to rush the opponents quarterback.	A running back catching a pass and scoring.	contradiction
9201	A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.	A person poses for a picture.	entailment
9202	A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.	A dolphin jumps through a hoop and people take pictures.	contradiction
9203	A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.	A celebrity poses for the fan to take a photo.	neutral
9204	The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer.	The woman is hitting the young lady.	contradiction
9205	The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer.	Two women are communicating with eachother.	entailment
9206	The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer.	A survey taker is waiting for the answer to her question.	neutral
9207	A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.	Woman wearing shorts	contradiction
9208	A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.	Woman wearing pants	entailment
9209	A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.	Woman getting dressed for a date	neutral
9210	A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along.	A woman is writing down directions for a lost tourist	neutral
9211	A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along.	A woman is using a pen to write on paper	entailment
9212	A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along.	A woman is reading a book to another woman	contradiction
9213	The crowd is watching a soccer game.	The crowd is picking blueberries	contradiction
9214	The crowd is watching a soccer game.	The crowd is cheering on their home Soccer team	neutral
9215	The crowd is watching a soccer game.	There is a game going on in this picture	entailment
9216	A punk band is playing on stage.	A woman performs on stage.	contradiction
9217	A punk band is playing on stage.	A group of humans plays music.	entailment
9218	A punk band is playing on stage.	The band Rolling Stones makes their last performance.	neutral
9219	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man and a woman stand in front of a water Lilly.	contradiction
9220	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A couple stands in front of a large statue.	neutral
9221	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man and wife are admiring art.	neutral
9222	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people pose in front of a big red statue	entailment
9223	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Some people are in front of a piece of art.	entailment
9224	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A couple take a photo in front of an art installation in the park.	neutral
9225	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man poses by himself in front of a blue statue	contradiction
9226	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	There are two people in front of a statue.	entailment
9227	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two old men play chess in the middle of an aquarium.	contradiction
9228	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people stand in front of a large red statue.	entailment
9229	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man and woman pose together outdoors in front of a large red statue of a gorilla	neutral
9230	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	They are looking at the statue.	neutral
9231	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Some people are sitting down in an art museum.	contradiction
9232	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people stand together	entailment
9233	A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	The man and woman are sitting.	contradiction
9234	A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.	The man and the woman are in front of a camera.	entailment
9235	A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.	The man and woman are destroying the blue painted canvases.	contradiction
9236	A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.	The man and woman are at an art exhibit.	neutral
9237	A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.	A couple shares dinner.	contradiction
9238	A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.	A couple views a sculpture.	entailment
9239	A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.	A couple admires modern art at an art exhibit.	neutral
9240	A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.	A couple are visiting an outdoor exhibition.	neutral
9241	A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.	A couple are eating in a cafeteria.	contradiction
9242	A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.	Two people are near a sculpture.	entailment
9243	A couple looking at a red sculpture	An artist is painting a portrait of a dog.	contradiction
9244	A couple looking at a red sculpture	A couple admire a new sculpture outside.	neutral
9245	A couple looking at a red sculpture	A couple views a sculpture.	entailment
9246	Three boys in different clothing are playing soccer.	three boys are playing soccer	entailment
9247	Three boys in different clothing are playing soccer.	three boys are playing soccer in the grassy field	neutral
9248	Three boys in different clothing are playing soccer.	three boys are bowling	contradiction
9249	Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.	Crowd waits for big game while watching team practice for charity event.	neutral
9250	Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.	Crowd riots at soccer game and demands free food.	contradiction
9251	Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.	Crowd watches soccer practice.	entailment
9252	Three men and a woman caught midair jumping into a pool at a party.	Three men and a woman watching tv.	contradiction
9253	Three men and a woman caught midair jumping into a pool at a party.	A group of people jumping into a pool to cool off.	neutral
9254	Three men and a woman caught midair jumping into a pool at a party.	A group of people jumping into a pool.	entailment
9255	Two pale dogs run in grass.	Tall animals running	neutral
9256	Two pale dogs run in grass.	Nothing is running	contradiction
9257	Two pale dogs run in grass.	Animals running	entailment
9258	A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.	A cow is herded into a new pasture by a cattle dog	neutral
9259	A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.	A cow tries to escape from a cattle dog	entailment
9260	A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.	A horse chases a cat	contradiction
9261	Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.	There is nobody at the pool.	contradiction
9262	Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.	A woman is wearing a bikini and three men are wearing board shorts	neutral
9263	Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.	Four people are jumping into a pool	entailment
9264	A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.	A child learns to surf.	neutral
9265	A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.	A kid on a surfboard.	entailment
9266	A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.	A boy learns to play football.	contradiction
9267	A man with a gold chain looks on in the city and a woman gasps behind him.	A horse is running fast.	contradiction
9268	A man with a gold chain looks on in the city and a woman gasps behind him.	A man and a woman.	entailment
9269	A man with a gold chain looks on in the city and a woman gasps behind him.	A man and an old woman.	neutral
9270	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is climbing buildings like a spider.	contradiction
9271	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is wearing a coat.	entailment
9272	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is wearing a coat in a city.	entailment
9273	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A woman is wearing a coat in the countryside.	contradiction
9274	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is heading into the city.	entailment
9275	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man walks wearing a coat.	entailment
9276	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	The coat is dark blue.	neutral
9277	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is walking to the city to meet his wife.	neutral
9278	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An African American man is taking a trip to the forest.	contradiction
9279	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is wearing a coat because its cold in the city.	neutral
9280	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An Asian man in short sleeves walks through the woods.	contradiction
9281	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is walking through New York.	neutral
9282	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A black man, dressed warmly, walks home to his apartment from work.	neutral
9283	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	The man is white.	contradiction
9284	An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An African-American man is walking in a city.	entailment
9285	A young boy rides his boogieboard through the ocean spray.	The boy sits on the beach.	contradiction
9286	A young boy rides his boogieboard through the ocean spray.	The boy rides his boogieboard on the pacific ocean	neutral
9287	A young boy rides his boogieboard through the ocean spray.	The boy rides his boogieboard on the ocean	entailment
9288	Two guys are trying to control an animal.	The guys are grabbing at a cow.	contradiction
9289	Two guys are trying to control an animal.	An animal is being corralled by two men.	entailment
9290	Two guys are trying to control an animal.	The men are trying to grab an animal.	neutral
9291	The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.	The bull is angry.	neutral
9292	The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.	The men have ropes.	entailment
9293	The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.	The bull is sleeping.	contradiction
9294	One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching.	Two men are around a bull.	entailment
9295	One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching.	One man rides the bull.	contradiction
9296	One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching.	The men are cowboys and herding the bull.	neutral
9297	Two men and a bull are in a fenced area with dirt on the ground and a rope laying between the bull and men.	Two men are sitting in a supermarket.	contradiction
9298	Two men and a bull are in a fenced area with dirt on the ground and a rope laying between the bull and men.	Two bullfighters are facing off with a bull.	neutral
9299	Two men and a bull are in a fenced area with dirt on the ground and a rope laying between the bull and men.	Two people are standing in the area of an animal.	entailment
9300	Two men, one standing and one seated on the ground are attempting to wrangle a bull as dust from the action is being kicked up.	A rodeo clown tries to save a rider from a bull.	neutral
9301	Two men, one standing and one seated on the ground are attempting to wrangle a bull as dust from the action is being kicked up.	Two cowboys are having a picnic.	contradiction
9302	Two men, one standing and one seated on the ground are attempting to wrangle a bull as dust from the action is being kicked up.	Two cowboys attempt to wrangle a bull.	entailment
9303	Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice	The hockey players were in front of a large crowd.	neutral
9304	Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice	The hockey players were on the ice.	entailment
9305	Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice	The hockey players were in class learning russian.	contradiction
9306	Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.	Two girls have a pillowfight in a dormitory	contradiction
9307	Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.	Rival hockey players body check each other in a high-stakes game	neutral
9308	Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.	Two people are falling	entailment
9309	A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	players play football	contradiction
9310	A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	hockey player playing	neutral
9311	A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	hockey player injured lied on ice	entailment
9312	The two hockey players are down on the ice.	The men are playing baseball.	contradiction
9313	The two hockey players are down on the ice.	The players are on the ice.	entailment
9314	The two hockey players are down on the ice.	The players are getting ready for a game.	neutral
9315	Two hockey players fall on the ice.	A soccer player runs away.	contradiction
9316	Two hockey players fall on the ice.	Two teammates fall down.	neutral
9317	Two hockey players fall on the ice.	Two players fall down.	entailment
9318	A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean.	A boy is building a snowman in the winter.	contradiction
9319	A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean.	A boy is staring at a shark in the ocean.	neutral
9320	A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean.	A boy is near a body of water.	entailment
9321	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	a boy in the snow throws snowballs	contradiction
9322	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is playing outside.	entailment
9323	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A family is spending the day at the beach.	neutral
9324	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	The boy is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
9325	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is at the beach.	entailment
9326	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	a boy is making a sand castle	neutral
9327	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy doesn't like being in the ocean, so he's making sandcastles instead.	neutral
9328	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A child is playing in the sand.	entailment
9329	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	The boy is sitting inside playing with his tablet.	contradiction
9330	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy plays in the sand.	neutral
9331	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is making a snowman	contradiction
9332	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	The boy wants to swim, but the water is too cold.	neutral
9333	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy swims at the beach and hold a sea shell.	contradiction
9334	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	a boy has a shovel	entailment
9335	A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy with a shovel watches a family.	entailment
9336	This is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water.	This is a scene consisting of a child protesting child labor.	neutral
9337	This is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water.	This is a scene consisting of a child sleeping indoors.	contradiction
9338	This is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water.	This is a scene consisting of a child.	entailment
9339	This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A family is outside.	entailment
9340	This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A family is outside a mansion.	contradiction
9341	This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A family has food.	neutral
9342	Women play volleyball while two referees manage the game.	The women are hitting the volleyball across the net	neutral
9343	Women play volleyball while two referees manage the game.	There is a volleyball match happening	entailment
9344	Women play volleyball while two referees manage the game.	Women are playing soccer	contradiction
9345	A tall, skinny guy with long black hair is walking while talking on a cellphone and carrying a drum on his head.	A tall guy is singing and swinging his arms while walking down some stairs.	contradiction
9346	A tall, skinny guy with long black hair is walking while talking on a cellphone and carrying a drum on his head.	A guy is who is not short is currently in motion.	entailment
9347	A tall, skinny guy with long black hair is walking while talking on a cellphone and carrying a drum on his head.	A guy is walking home from band practice.	neutral
9348	A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child wears a turban.	contradiction
9349	A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child wears a hat.	entailment
9350	A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child wears a large hat with a bow.	neutral
9351	Two little boys holding apples near the street.	The boys are sleeping.	contradiction
9352	Two little boys holding apples near the street.	The boys are collecting apples to make applesauce.	neutral
9353	Two little boys holding apples near the street.	The boys have apples.	entailment
9354	Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.	The boys are sitting quietly in class.	contradiction
9355	Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.	The boys just stole the apples and are running away.	neutral
9356	Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.	The boys are carrying food and jumping.	entailment
9357	A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball.	There is a woman dancing.	contradiction
9358	A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball.	There is a person playing baseball.	entailment
9359	A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball.	The person is playing baseball int he world series.	neutral
9360	Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.	The boys are jumping over  a tree.	neutral
9361	Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.	The boys have apples.	entailment
9362	Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.	The boys have oranges.	contradiction
9363	Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.	A girl climbs a wall.	contradiction
9364	Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.	Two boys eating outside.	entailment
9365	Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.	Two boys hiding from their friends.	neutral
9366	A man is talking on a cellphone and riding a bike.	A big human talking	neutral
9367	A man is talking on a cellphone and riding a bike.	Nobody is talking	contradiction
9368	A man is talking on a cellphone and riding a bike.	A human talking	entailment
9369	Some people are sitting at an outside food market at night.	These people are together	neutral
9370	Some people are sitting at an outside food market at night.	These people are eating in a restaurant	contradiction
9371	Some people are sitting at an outside food market at night.	Its night out	entailment
9372	Many people outside on bicycles.	People are outside.	entailment
9373	Many people outside on bicycles.	People are riding bikes in a race.	neutral
9374	Many people outside on bicycles.	People are skiing.	contradiction
9375	Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass.	The best man raises his glass to begin a toast at a wedding reception.	neutral
9376	Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass.	A young woman in a dress raises her glass.	contradiction
9377	Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass.	Someone in formal wear giving a toast.	entailment
9378	A male is laying down reading a book.	Man reads book.	entailment
9379	A male is laying down reading a book.	Man reads a novel that is about a horrific elevator ride.	neutral
9380	A male is laying down reading a book.	A man burns a book.	contradiction
9381	A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.	A group of people are competing in a bicycle race.	neutral
9382	A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.	The people are outside on bikes.	entailment
9383	A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.	A group of people are dancing in the street.	contradiction
9384	Asian people ride their bikes in the street.	The Asian people are biking to work.	neutral
9385	Asian people ride their bikes in the street.	These Asian people own bikes.	entailment
9386	Asian people ride their bikes in the street.	The Asian people are driving cars.	contradiction
9387	People gathered together in a dark room.	People gathered together in a room.	entailment
9388	People gathered together in a dark room.	Dogs gathered together in a dark room.	contradiction
9389	People gathered together in a dark room.	Sad people gathered together in a dark room.	neutral
9390	A woman stands in front of a bridge, talking passionately through a megaphone.	The woman is indoors.	contradiction
9391	A woman stands in front of a bridge, talking passionately through a megaphone.	The woman is protesting for equality.	neutral
9392	A woman stands in front of a bridge, talking passionately through a megaphone.	The woman is outside.	entailment
9393	A middle-aged barber is standing by his chair in an empty shop.	The barber cuts the hair of his patron.	contradiction
9394	A middle-aged barber is standing by his chair in an empty shop.	The barber has no customer.	entailment
9395	A middle-aged barber is standing by his chair in an empty shop.	The barber will soon be closing his shop.	neutral
9396	A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.	A man is welding a door near many tools.	neutral
9397	A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.	A person uses their hands on an object made of metal.	entailment
9398	A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.	A man is spraypainting graffiti near tools.	contradiction
9399	A man is welding, as the sparks fall into the air.	There is a man working.	entailment
9400	A man is welding, as the sparks fall into the air.	There is a man working on an old car.	neutral
9401	A man is welding, as the sparks fall into the air.	There is a man eating dinner.	contradiction
9402	Sparks fly as this man in blue welds something.	A young man is welding on a car bumper.	neutral
9403	Sparks fly as this man in blue welds something.	A man is painting his living room.	contradiction
9404	Sparks fly as this man in blue welds something.	Someone is joining two pieces of metal with a welding machine.	entailment
9405	A man working on metal with sparks flying.	The man is holding an object.	entailment
9406	A man working on metal with sparks flying.	The man is a welder.	neutral
9407	A man working on metal with sparks flying.	The man is chopping onions in the kitchen.	contradiction
9408	A man working in a metal shop	a younger man working	neutral
9409	A man working in a metal shop	a woman working	contradiction
9410	A man working in a metal shop	a man working	entailment
9411	Lounging on the pillar and worn bricks, the young man is immersed in his book.	The man checks his phone for messages.	contradiction
9412	Lounging on the pillar and worn bricks, the young man is immersed in his book.	The man reads about the building he's lounging on.	neutral
9413	Lounging on the pillar and worn bricks, the young man is immersed in his book.	The man is reading.	entailment
9414	Two people stand by the water's edge.	A group of people are jogging.	contradiction
9415	Two people stand by the water's edge.	A group of golfers are trying to retrieve a ball lost in the water hazard.	neutral
9416	Two people stand by the water's edge.	People are next to water.	entailment
9417	A man wearing shades of black and gray leans against a pillar on the brick pavement reading a book.	A man looking cool is reading a book by a building	neutral
9418	A man wearing shades of black and gray leans against a pillar on the brick pavement reading a book.	A man is reading about how awful he looks.	contradiction
9419	A man wearing shades of black and gray leans against a pillar on the brick pavement reading a book.	A man wearing sunglasses is reading a book	entailment
9420	A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water.	The boy and girl are standing.	entailment
9421	A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water.	The boy and girl are siblings.	neutral
9422	A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water.	The boy and girl are sitting by the water.	contradiction
9423	A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.	A man and his son stand near the mountain.	contradiction
9424	A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.	A woman and her son stand near the river.	neutral
9425	A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.	People stand near the river.	entailment
9426	Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.	Two boys are at the river.	contradiction
9427	Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.	Two people are standing by the like.	entailment
9428	Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.	Boyfriend and girlfriend are near the lake.	neutral
9429	A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.	The girl sits on the beach.	contradiction
9430	A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.	The boy and girl stand on the shore.	entailment
9431	A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.	The boy and girl stand on the shore and watch the waves.	neutral
9432	A baby asleep in the parent's backpack.	A baby sleeping in a blue backpack.	neutral
9433	A baby asleep in the parent's backpack.	A baby playing with a stuffed dragon.	contradiction
9434	A baby asleep in the parent's backpack.	A sleeping baby.	entailment
9435	A woman plays on a tire swing with two children in the park.	A dog and a cat are playing in a barn.	contradiction
9436	A woman plays on a tire swing with two children in the park.	A woman and two children are outside.	entailment
9437	A woman plays on a tire swing with two children in the park.	A mother is playing with her children at the park.	neutral
9438	Families are playing at the park on tire swings.	Children are running around playing together.	neutral
9439	Families are playing at the park on tire swings.	The park is completely deserted.	contradiction
9440	Families are playing at the park on tire swings.	There are people on the tire swings.	entailment
9441	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The children are sleeping in a tent.	contradiction
9442	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The woman is the children's aunt, and she is babysitting them for the day.	neutral
9443	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	Children wait their turn to use the tire swing.	neutral
9444	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman and two children are in the park.	entailment
9445	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	There are three people at the park.	entailment
9446	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A mother is playing with her two children.	neutral
9447	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A man is playing with his dogs at an outdoor park.	contradiction
9448	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The woman is playing by two children.	entailment
9449	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The children are related to the woman.	neutral
9450	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	There are people outdoors.	entailment
9451	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The swing is made out of barb wire.	contradiction
9452	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The mother is playing with her children.	neutral
9453	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman is reading a book while her kids take a nap.	contradiction
9454	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman is sliding down the slide.	contradiction
9455	A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The woman and two kids are outdoors.	entailment
9456	A girl in green walks down a city street.	The girl is walking.	entailment
9457	A girl in green walks down a city street.	The girl is on her way to a movie.	neutral
9458	A girl in green walks down a city street.	The girl is sitting on the beach.	contradiction
9459	A young boy is walking in front of some stores	the child is going to the store	neutral
9460	A young boy is walking in front of some stores	the boy just robbed a store	neutral
9461	A young boy is walking in front of some stores	a young boy is walking in front of the store	entailment
9462	A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.	the man is weinging	contradiction
9463	A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.	they are having fun	neutral
9464	A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.	the children are swinging	entailment
9465	A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.	a small child is bathing in the river	contradiction
9466	A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.	a small child is following his mom	neutral
9467	A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.	a small child is by some store fronts	entailment
9468	A man on the river in a blue kayak	A man is fishing in the river from shore.	contradiction
9469	A man on the river in a blue kayak	A man is using a blue kayak.	entailment
9470	A man on the river in a blue kayak	A man enjoys the river.	neutral
9471	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man is near water.	entailment
9472	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man kayaks in a body of water.	entailment
9473	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is rowing his freshly painted kayak.	neutral
9474	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	a dog goes swimming in a park	contradiction
9475	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	a man oes white rapid paddling	neutral
9476	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is driving a truck.	contradiction
9477	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The kayak is seaworthy.	entailment
9478	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man goes up the creek without a paddle.	contradiction
9479	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man is waterskiing.	contradiction
9480	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is in a kayak.	entailment
9481	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man kayaks in a lake.	neutral
9482	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man sits on the beach.	contradiction
9483	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	a man in a kayak paddles	entailment
9484	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man's hobby is kayaking.	neutral
9485	A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is kayaking through the rapids.	neutral
9486	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is bowling.	contradiction
9487	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	There is a person in a boat.	entailment
9488	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A man paddles a canoe in the ocean.	entailment
9489	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	a man uses a rowing machine inside	contradiction
9490	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A man is paddling a canoe for exercise.	neutral
9491	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is paddling on a gloomy day.	neutral
9492	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	a man paddles a canoe	entailment
9493	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A yacht sails into the harbor.	contradiction
9494	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The water is calm.	neutral
9495	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is paddling in a purple canoe.	contradiction
9496	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is surrounded by water.	entailment
9497	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	a man crosses the ocean via canoe	neutral
9498	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is going fishing.	neutral
9499	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	There is a boat in the water.	entailment
9500	A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A man sits in a chair.	contradiction
9501	A man is riding in a blue kayak in the ocean.	The man knows how to swim.	neutral
9502	A man is riding in a blue kayak in the ocean.	The man is riding in an orange kayak in his backyard.	contradiction
9503	A man is riding in a blue kayak in the ocean.	There is a blue kayak in the ocean.	entailment
9504	A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.	A child is performing a handstand in front of family.	neutral
9505	A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.	A child is performing a handstand.	entailment
9506	A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.	A child is eating.	contradiction
9507	A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field.	There is a young girl in this picture.	entailment
9508	A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field.	The girl is sitting inside reading a book while it snows outside.	contradiction
9509	A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field.	The girl is enjoying the mid-Summer evening with her family during a camping trip.	neutral
9510	A boy wearing red swim trunks is playing in the water at the beach.	a boys is jumping over the waves	neutral
9511	A boy wearing red swim trunks is playing in the water at the beach.	a boy is wearing a black three piece suit	contradiction
9512	A boy wearing red swim trunks is playing in the water at the beach.	a bay wears red	entailment
9513	Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.	The child is playing at a lake.	contradiction
9514	Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.	The child is playing in the water at the beach.	entailment
9515	Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.	The child is at the Atlantic Ocean.	neutral
9516	A teenager is trying his hand at ax-throwing.	The teenage boy is throwing axes at a target	entailment
9517	A teenager is trying his hand at ax-throwing.	The teenage boy is having fun at a Native American exhibit on a school field trip.	neutral
9518	A teenager is trying his hand at ax-throwing.	The boy is playing video games upstairs in his room.	contradiction
9519	Two men playing tennis, one is hitting the ball.	The man hitting the ball is in the middle of a serve.	neutral
9520	Two men playing tennis, one is hitting the ball.	Two people are playing tennis outdoors.	entailment
9521	Two men playing tennis, one is hitting the ball.	The men are watching the ball fly between them.	contradiction
9522	A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	A tennis player is on the court.	entailment
9523	A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	There are no people competing.	contradiction
9524	A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	A tennis player is playing a tennis match.	neutral
9525	A men's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball.	Professional tennis player are playing perfectly.	neutral
9526	A men's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball.	Men are playing tennis.	entailment
9527	A men's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball.	Two football players are playing racquetball.	contradiction
9528	A child in an orange shirt examines the propeller on a large radial aircraft engine.	The child examines the train.	contradiction
9529	A child in an orange shirt examines the propeller on a large radial aircraft engine.	A child is staring at an airplane.	entailment
9530	A child in an orange shirt examines the propeller on a large radial aircraft engine.	The child loves planes.	neutral
9531	A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.	The dog is playing in the sand.	entailment
9532	A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.	The animal is on the beach.	contradiction
9533	A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.	The dog likes the outdoors.	neutral
9534	Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	Two boys' football teams compete.	entailment
9535	Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	The girls played soccer.	contradiction
9536	Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	Two boys' football teams were on the field.	entailment
9537	The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	The family found a shady spot in the park to relax.	entailment
9538	The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	The family is having a picnic in the park.	neutral
9539	The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	The family enjoy the air conditioning indoors.	contradiction
9540	Two youths, a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt, are moving the ball on a soccer field.	Two kids are playing video games inside.	contradiction
9541	Two youths, a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt, are moving the ball on a soccer field.	Two kids are practicing for a soccer game.	neutral
9542	Two youths, a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt, are moving the ball on a soccer field.	Two kids are playing soccer.	entailment
9543	Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background.	The woman jogged in the grass.	contradiction
9544	Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background.	The guy walked along the grass.	entailment
9545	Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background.	The guy walked along the grass to the park.	neutral
9546	A woman and a child sit together and smile.	A woman is smiling with a child.	entailment
9547	A woman and a child sit together and smile.	Mother and son share a bonding moment.	neutral
9548	A woman and a child sit together and smile.	A man is kidnapping a child and smiling.	contradiction
9549	Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses	The cat is brushing up against the leg of the girl.	contradiction
9550	Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses	The dog is begging for food from the young boy.	neutral
9551	Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses	The dog is staring at the little boy.	entailment
9552	A man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle.	Man riding a bike	entailment
9553	A man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle.	Man working at a circus	neutral
9554	A man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle.	Man running down the street	contradiction
9555	A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot.	A small duck swims in a quiet pond.	contradiction
9556	A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot.	The young man does a daring wheelie on his brand new Harley Davidson motorcycle.	neutral
9557	A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot.	A person on a motorcycle performs a trick.	entailment
9558	A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle.	a dog is doing a wheelie	contradiction
9559	A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle.	a person is doing a wheelie	entailment
9560	A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle.	a man is doing a wheelie	neutral
9561	A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase.	There are a lot of people looking for things.	entailment
9562	A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase.	A crowd is line dancing in a barn.	contradiction
9563	A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase.	A crowd is looking for rare baseball cards.	neutral
9564	People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy.	No one is around the marketplace	contradiction
9565	People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy.	The market is always this crowded	neutral
9566	People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy.	People are standing outside	entailment
9567	Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market.	The shoppers are all women.	neutral
9568	Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market.	The shoppers are outdoors.	entailment
9569	Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market.	The shoppers are inside an outlet mall.	contradiction
9570	Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike.	Three people are looking at a bike.	entailment
9571	Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike.	Some people are looking at a red bike.	neutral
9572	Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike.	Three people are shopping for food.	contradiction
9573	A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.	The street vendor is selling food.	contradiction
9574	A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.	The street vendor is showing people something.	entailment
9575	A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.	The street vendor is displaying expensive artwork.	neutral
9576	Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water.	The people are chasing a body of water away from the field they are in.	contradiction
9577	Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water.	Two men and a woman walk near water.	entailment
9578	Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water.	The people are walking near the water to go for a swim.	neutral
9579	A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.	A woman gets ready to box with a man for a prize.	neutral
9580	A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.	Two people playing hopscotch.	contradiction
9581	A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.	A man getting in a boxing stance with a woman.	entailment
9582	A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.	Two females are getting their picture taken for a magazine.	neutral
9583	A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.	The two females are not related.	contradiction
9584	A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.	Two females are smiling.	entailment
9585	A young black girl wearing a blue shirt and a blue headscarf is looking at the camera.	The girl is mad	neutral
9586	A young black girl wearing a blue shirt and a blue headscarf is looking at the camera.	The girl is black	entailment
9587	A young black girl wearing a blue shirt and a blue headscarf is looking at the camera.	The girl isn't looking at anything in particular	contradiction
9588	A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.	A woman and her daughter sit together on a bench.	neutral
9589	A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.	A woman and a girl are sitting beside each other on a bench.	entailment
9590	A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.	A man and his son play catch at the park.	contradiction
9591	A kid shouts while two women converse with each other.	A person watches two women sleeping.	contradiction
9592	A kid shouts while two women converse with each other.	A child uses their voice and two women speak with each other.	entailment
9593	A kid shouts while two women converse with each other.	A boy shouts at two women talking to each other.	neutral
9594	Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking	The men are playing music	entailment
9595	Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking	The men are playing video games	contradiction
9596	Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking	The men are in a band and drinking alcohol	neutral
9597	a group of men playing drums in a drum circle	The men are playing the clarinet and flute.	contradiction
9598	a group of men playing drums in a drum circle	The drums are musical instruments.	entailment
9599	a group of men playing drums in a drum circle	The men are taking part of an indian ritual.	neutral
9600	Four people are playing drums.	The people are playing pianos.	contradiction
9601	Four people are playing drums.	People are hitting an instrument.	entailment
9602	Four people are playing drums.	People are giving a performance for an audience.	neutral
9603	There are three lambs: one white, one black, and one spotted.	There are three mammals.	entailment
9604	There are three lambs: one white, one black, and one spotted.	The three lambs were just born.	neutral
9605	There are three lambs: one white, one black, and one spotted.	There are three cows in a barn.	contradiction
9606	A young man carries flags outside a building	The girl is running laps.	contradiction
9607	A young man carries flags outside a building	A person is carrying a flag.	entailment
9608	A young man carries flags outside a building	The young man is bringing flags to the flag poles.	neutral
9609	A young child is shouting with people around him.	A child is mad at his parents.	neutral
9610	A young child is shouting with people around him.	A child is singing very loudly.	contradiction
9611	A young child is shouting with people around him.	A young child is shouting.	entailment
9612	A large crowd of people stand at the start line of a race.	The crowd is at the race	neutral
9613	A large crowd of people stand at the start line of a race.	The crowd is crying.	contradiction
9614	A large crowd of people stand at the start line of a race.	The large crowd of people are standing at the start	entailment
9615	Three boys on an intertube in water	Kids are swimming in the pool.	neutral
9616	Three boys on an intertube in water	Kids are playing in the water.	entailment
9617	Three boys on an intertube in water	Kids are watching TV.	contradiction
9618	A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort.	There is about to be an event.	entailment
9619	A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort.	There aren't any people.	contradiction
9620	A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort.	All of the people are participating in the event.	neutral
9621	Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.	A bear runs on a snow capped mountain.	contradiction
9622	Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.	Three sheep are walking on a hill to their shepard.	neutral
9623	Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.	Three sheep walk on the hill.	entailment
9624	four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him.	The men are hippies and are headed to woodstock.	neutral
9625	four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him.	Four men in a van, one giving the peace sign.	entailment
9626	four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him.	The men are walking down the street.	contradiction
9627	A large crown in front of McDonald's.	There are people at the hamburger joint.	entailment
9628	A large crown in front of McDonald's.	A large wave splashes over the side of the boat.	contradiction
9629	A large crown in front of McDonald's.	Kids are waiting for the restaurant to open.	neutral
9630	Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.	People dancing on a stage under spotlights.	entailment
9631	Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.	Ballerinas performing in front of a large crowd.	neutral
9632	Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.	Ballerinas dancing on a small stage under yellow spotlights.	contradiction
9633	A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background.	The baby is with two adults and a cat	entailment
9634	A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background.	The baby is with her parents	neutral
9635	A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background.	the baby is sleeping	contradiction
9636	Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.	People are working at Dunkin Donuts.	contradiction
9637	Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.	People are working with food.	entailment
9638	Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.	People are serving coffee.	neutral
9639	Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel.	There is a woman outside.	entailment
9640	Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel.	There is a woman near the water.	neutral
9641	Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel.	There is a woman sleeping.	contradiction
9642	A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles.	Woman selling two girls	contradiction
9643	A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles.	Woman standing with girls	entailment
9644	A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles.	Woman taking her girls shopping	neutral
9645	Lambs on a grassy hill.	Lambs feed on the grassy hill.	neutral
9646	Lambs on a grassy hill.	There are animals on a hill.	entailment
9647	Lambs on a grassy hill.	The lambs get ready to take an elevator.	contradiction
9648	A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk.	A man is in a park.	neutral
9649	A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk.	A man is sleeping on a bench.	contradiction
9650	A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk.	A man is moving.	entailment
9651	A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball.	Soccer players are playing outside.	entailment
9652	A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball.	The soccer players are competing for a championship.	neutral
9653	A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball.	The soccer players are inside at a pool.	contradiction
9654	Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.	People are in the water.	entailment
9655	Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.	The three boys are going tubing.	neutral
9656	Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.	The three boys are sitting on the beach.	contradiction
9657	Two men using a computer.	Two men are watching dirty movies together.	neutral
9658	Two men using a computer.	Two men are doing an activity.	entailment
9659	Two men using a computer.	Two men are reading a book while jumping on a pogo stick in mud.	contradiction
9660	Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach.	A girl on a farm in ohio	contradiction
9661	Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach.	A girl doing acrobatics.	entailment
9662	Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach.	A girl at miami beach.	neutral
9663	A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him.	A woman is outside playing with children.	contradiction
9664	A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him.	A man is playing games on a computer.	neutral
9665	A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him.	Two people are in in the same room.	entailment
9666	Three little boys on a float in a river.	three boys on a river	entailment
9667	Three little boys on a float in a river.	Humans on a river	entailment
9668	Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys on the water	entailment
9669	Three little boys on a float in a river.	three boys sleep in a tent	contradiction
9670	Three little boys on a float in a river.	Three boys float in a river.	entailment
9671	Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys are sad to be back in school for the day	contradiction
9672	Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys head down the river in a raft	neutral
9673	Three little boys on a float in a river.	3 boys re-enact the adventure of huckleberry finn	neutral
9674	Three little boys on a float in a river.	2 whores eat a pizza	contradiction
9675	Three little boys on a float in a river.	a trio of young boys play on  a river	entailment
9676	Three little boys on a float in a river.	Three boys play hopscotch on the sidewalk.	contradiction
9677	Three little boys on a float in a river.	The boys are going on an adventure against their parent's wishes.	neutral
9678	Three little boys on a float in a river.	three boys floating down a fast river	neutral
9679	Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys play on a beach	contradiction
9680	Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys float in  a canoe	neutral
9681	Two people working on computers.	The people are talking a chemistry exam.	contradiction
9682	Two people working on computers.	The people are near the computers.	entailment
9683	Two people working on computers.	The people work in an office building.	neutral
9684	An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.	Tall humans in a room	neutral
9685	An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.	Just an empty room	contradiction
9686	An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.	Humans in a room	entailment
9687	A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman views a map.	entailment
9688	A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman is lost and is looking at a map.	neutral
9689	A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman uses GPS in her car.	contradiction
9690	Three people are in a body of water.	A woman is lying on the beach alone.	contradiction
9691	Three people are in a body of water.	Three friends are swimming in the lake.	neutral
9692	Three people are in a body of water.	The water has people in it.	entailment
9693	A woman in a white jacket is standing next to an older woman while reviewing a subway map.	A woman is reading a subway map.	entailment
9694	A woman in a white jacket is standing next to an older woman while reviewing a subway map.	Two women are waiting to board their plane.	contradiction
9695	A woman in a white jacket is standing next to an older woman while reviewing a subway map.	Two two women are going to take the subway into town.	neutral
9696	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is asking for directions to her meeting	entailment
9697	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is asking for directions to her meeting with her directors	neutral
9698	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	While watching a movie he falls a sleep on the street	contradiction
9699	Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two woman are taking pictures with their cameras.	contradiction
9700	Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two women are looking at a map.	entailment
9701	Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The older woman is the mother of the younger woman looking at the map.	neutral
9702	Two women standing in front of a map.	two women are lost	neutral
9703	Two women standing in front of a map.	two women standing	entailment
9704	Two women standing in front of a map.	a boy eats grapes	contradiction
9705	Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up.	The two men are looking away from each other.	contradiction
9706	Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up.	The two boxers are wearing red shorts.	neutral
9707	Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up.	The two boxers are looking at each other.	entailment
9708	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The people are near a table.	entailment
9709	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The people have money on the table.	neutral
9710	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Young people are wrestling each other.	contradiction
9711	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The people are sitting in church.	contradiction
9712	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Some young guys are hanging out playing cards.	neutral
9713	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Some humans playing cards.	entailment
9714	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Young people are gambling.	neutral
9715	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The young people are running.	contradiction
9716	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	They are betting money on the poker game.	neutral
9717	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	People are playing a game.	entailment
9718	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Ten humans playing cards.	neutral
9719	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	People are playing cards.	entailment
9720	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Youthful Human beings are gathered around a flat surface to play a card game.	entailment
9721	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Dogs playing cards.	contradiction
9722	Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Men are standing around playing dice.	contradiction
9723	A man with a long-sleeved shirt and board shorts surfs towards the camera and leans over with his right hand in the water.	A man cleans his surfboard.	contradiction
9724	A man with a long-sleeved shirt and board shorts surfs towards the camera and leans over with his right hand in the water.	A man surfs.	entailment
9725	A man with a long-sleeved shirt and board shorts surfs towards the camera and leans over with his right hand in the water.	A man posing on his surfboard to endorse a surfboard company.	neutral
9726	Children in an African schoolhouse.	The little African children were crying in the commercial because they could not go to school today.	contradiction
9727	Children in an African schoolhouse.	The kids in Africa were having a new school house built, courtesy of the great Oprah!	neutral
9728	Children in an African schoolhouse.	There was a classroom of children in Africa going to school.	entailment
9729	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is broken	contradiction
9730	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is spraying	entailment
9731	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The sun is shining brightly	neutral
9732	A person walks between two buildings.	The person is walking in between some buildings.	entailment
9733	A person walks between two buildings.	The person walks between the bank and the hardware store.	neutral
9734	A person walks between two buildings.	THe person is sleeping in the alley way.	contradiction
9735	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	The woman waits by the alley for her friend.	neutral
9736	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	A woman is outside.	entailment
9737	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	The dark headed woman stands alone in a city.	contradiction
9738	Children in white and blue uniforms are sitting at their red desks in their green classroom.	The desks don't match the uniforms.	entailment
9739	Children in white and blue uniforms are sitting at their red desks in their green classroom.	They are in a religious school.	neutral
9740	Children in white and blue uniforms are sitting at their red desks in their green classroom.	The desks and walls are the same colors.	contradiction
9741	Students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.	There are students sitting in the classroom.	entailment
9742	Students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.	The students just recorded a video.	neutral
9743	Students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.	The students are singing a song.	contradiction
9744	African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables.	Children are playing outside during recess.	contradiction
9745	African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables.	Children are sitting inside.	entailment
9746	African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables.	Children are attending their school.	neutral
9747	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	Two children are swinging at the playground after it rained.	neutral
9748	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	Two children are swinging at the playground.	entailment
9749	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are watching television.	contradiction
9750	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are playing.	entailment
9751	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are swimming in the pool.	contradiction
9752	Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	There is water on the ground.	neutral
9753	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The girls are standing up.	contradiction
9754	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	females are sitting	entailment
9755	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Females are doing textile work.	entailment
9756	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Women are making clothing.	neutral
9757	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	women are knitting	neutral
9758	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Females work on textile work for their boss who will kill them if they don't work faster.	neutral
9759	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	A group of females are on the ground.	entailment
9760	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The women are working together on a project.	neutral
9761	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Females work on textile work.	entailment
9762	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	men are eating pancakes	contradiction
9763	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Women are working.	entailment
9764	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The females are making a quilt.	neutral
9765	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The females are working on a gravel parking lot.	contradiction
9766	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Men are sewing.	contradiction
9767	Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Males work on textile work.	contradiction
9768	A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match.	A rabbit is hopping through the grass.	contradiction
9769	A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match.	A soccer team gets in a huddle during a match while wearing light blue	entailment
9770	A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match.	A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match as they compete for the finals.	neutral
9771	A group of Indian women are in a factory making clothes, sitting in front of old fashioned sewing machines.	Female workers out in the middle of a field.	contradiction
9772	A group of Indian women are in a factory making clothes, sitting in front of old fashioned sewing machines.	A bunch of females inside of a building.	entailment
9773	A group of Indian women are in a factory making clothes, sitting in front of old fashioned sewing machines.	Workers are making designer clothes inside a sweatshop.	neutral
9774	A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.	A human wearing uniform	entailment
9775	A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.	A tall human wearing uniform	neutral
9776	A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.	Nobody is wearing a uniform	contradiction
9777	Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.	The men are sitting on furniture.	entailment
9778	Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.	The men are all computer engineers.	neutral
9779	Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.	The men are zombies.	contradiction
9780	Seems to me looks like people in a work room or office working they all using laptop computers from apple it seems there Dr Pepper soda and water bottle on the desk	Several people are all at the same table working on laptops.	neutral
9781	Seems to me looks like people in a work room or office working they all using laptop computers from apple it seems there Dr Pepper soda and water bottle on the desk	People are inside working on laptop computers.	entailment
9782	Seems to me looks like people in a work room or office working they all using laptop computers from apple it seems there Dr Pepper soda and water bottle on the desk	The people using laptops are outside.	contradiction
9783	Women are working at looms.	Women are working	entailment
9784	Women are working at looms.	Woman are puking	contradiction
9785	Women are working at looms.	Woman are indoors	neutral
9786	A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field.	The team is wearing green.	contradiction
9787	A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field.	The team is outdoors.	entailment
9788	A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field.	There is a soccer team on the field.	neutral
9789	Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.	There are people outdoors	entailment
9790	Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.	There are people standing near a swing set outdoors	contradiction
9791	Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.	There are people outdoors having a swinging competition	neutral
9792	A woman in a white shirt is talking on her yellow cellphone.	The woman likes bright colors.	neutral
9793	A woman in a white shirt is talking on her yellow cellphone.	The woman prefers dark things.	contradiction
9794	A woman in a white shirt is talking on her yellow cellphone.	The woman has lots of bright items.	entailment
9795	Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring.	Men are kickboxing as part of their class.	neutral
9796	Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring.	Men are kickboxing.	entailment
9797	Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring.	Men are playing a tame game of table tennis.	contradiction
9798	Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.	Tall humans sitting	neutral
9799	Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.	Humans sitting	entailment
9800	Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.	Nobody is sitting	contradiction
9801	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A woman in a green shirt is sitting down.	contradiction
9802	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is swimming in a pool.	contradiction
9803	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A very tall man is driving a vehicle	neutral
9804	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A person is riding a motorized vehicle.	entailment
9805	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man in blue jeans is driving down a street.	neutral
9806	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is driving a vehicle	entailment
9807	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A male standing on a machine and moving.	entailment
9808	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	Someone wearing a shirt is driving.	neutral
9809	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The man is riding a bike.	contradiction
9810	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man moves around without walking.	neutral
9811	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is driving a vehicle.	entailment
9812	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The man is moving.	entailment
9813	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The segway is parked in the garage.	contradiction
9814	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A gentlemen is outside with his Segway.	neutral
9815	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A thin woman is driving a vehicle	contradiction
9816	A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.	A guy is surfing.	entailment
9817	A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.	A surfer is about to wipeout.	neutral
9818	A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.	A surfer is asleep.	contradiction
9819	Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.	A woman is carrying some balloons.	contradiction
9820	Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.	A woman walks by some balloons outside.	neutral
9821	Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.	A woman walks by some balloons.	entailment
9822	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy wears his favorite outfit.	neutral
9823	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A girl wears a blue jumpsuit.	contradiction
9824	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy wears a white outfit.	entailment
9825	A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch.	The person in tan pants is running outside.	contradiction
9826	A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch.	A person is at least partially clothed in a mobile object.	entailment
9827	A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch.	The person is sitting in a car eating a sandwich.	neutral
9828	Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw something.	Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw a football.	neutral
9829	Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw something.	Some people are on the beach.	entailment
9830	Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw something.	Five young men play football on the school field.	contradiction
9831	A waterskiing man on something similar to a snowboard perches on a rail obstacle with just the tip of the board.	A waterskiing woman is on a rail obstacle.	contradiction
9832	A waterskiing man on something similar to a snowboard perches on a rail obstacle with just the tip of the board.	A waterskiing man is on a large rail obstacle.	neutral
9833	A waterskiing man on something similar to a snowboard perches on a rail obstacle with just the tip of the board.	A waterskiing man is on a rail obstacle.	entailment
9834	Two brown dog play together in the water.	dogs fight over toy	neutral
9835	Two brown dog play together in the water.	girl follows boy	contradiction
9836	Two brown dog play together in the water.	dogs playing	entailment
9837	Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.	two dogs are in the water for the first time	neutral
9838	Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.	two cats lay sleeping	contradiction
9839	Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.	two dogs are in the water	entailment
9840	A woman with a white hat, orange shirt, and a sickle is standing in a field with black gloves.	a woman is thinking about her day	neutral
9841	A woman with a white hat, orange shirt, and a sickle is standing in a field with black gloves.	a woman sits in a chair	contradiction
9842	A woman with a white hat, orange shirt, and a sickle is standing in a field with black gloves.	a woman is standing	entailment
9843	A woman in a hat holding her harvest while clamping her sickle in her armpit.	The woman is holding a bag of groceries with a book in her pit.	contradiction
9844	A woman in a hat holding her harvest while clamping her sickle in her armpit.	The woman has something in her armpit.	entailment
9845	A woman in a hat holding her harvest while clamping her sickle in her armpit.	The woman is gardening.	neutral
9846	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are resting under a tree.	contradiction
9847	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are barking loudly.	neutral
9848	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are wet.	entailment
9849	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	There is a woman with wheat.	entailment
9850	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	The woman is selling wheat.	neutral
9851	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	The woman is eating corn.	contradiction
9852	A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The rocks are big.	neutral
9853	A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The man is surfing.	contradiction
9854	A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The man's pants are not blue.	entailment
9855	A man in rides bicycle carrying pipes in his hand.	The man is riding the bike one-handed.	neutral
9856	A man in rides bicycle carrying pipes in his hand.	The man is smoking while riding the bicycle.	neutral
9857	A man in rides bicycle carrying pipes in his hand.	The man is smoking with the window down.	contradiction
9858	A man on rollerblades grinds a wall.	A man crashes into a wall.	neutral
9859	A man on rollerblades grinds a wall.	A man sits on a park bench.	contradiction
9860	A man on rollerblades grinds a wall.	A man is skating.	entailment
9861	A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street.	A man takes part in a reenactment	neutral
9862	A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street.	A kid rides his bike.	contradiction
9863	A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street.	A man rings a bell.	entailment
9864	Two people, wearing genie outfits, flying on a magic carpet.	Two people wearing genie outfits are sitting in chairs.	contradiction
9865	Two people, wearing genie outfits, flying on a magic carpet.	The people are acting in a play.	neutral
9866	Two people, wearing genie outfits, flying on a magic carpet.	Two people are flying on a carpet.	entailment
9867	Killer whales perform for a crowd.	There are animals performing.	entailment
9868	Killer whales perform for a crowd.	The killer whales were sleeping in the pool.	contradiction
9869	Killer whales perform for a crowd.	The killer whales made the crowd wet while performing.	neutral
9870	Two elderly men are building a stone cottage wall in front of a blue cottage.	Two men are using gray stone to complete a wall.	neutral
9871	Two elderly men are building a stone cottage wall in front of a blue cottage.	Two men are using wood to build a fence near a dog house.	contradiction
9872	Two elderly men are building a stone cottage wall in front of a blue cottage.	Two men are outside working on a building.	entailment
9873	Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd.	Killer whales leap into the air.	neutral
9874	Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd.	A whale sits very still.	contradiction
9875	Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd.	Whales leap into the air.	entailment
9876	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	The dolphins are talking on their cell phones.	contradiction
9877	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	They are at Sea World.	neutral
9878	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	There are a crowd of people watching dolphins jump out of a pool.	entailment
9879	Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.	The family is enjoying the whale watching tour.	neutral
9880	Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.	The tourists are bowling.	contradiction
9881	Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.	The whales are jumping.	entailment
9882	Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.	Three Orca whales are training for a show.	neutral
9883	Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.	Three Orca whales are at a resort.	entailment
9884	Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.	Three Orca whales and a seal are in the water.	contradiction
9885	A fit young man in a blue tank-top uses both hands to splash water on his face from a wooden bowl.	 A fit young man in a blue tank-top is smiling.	neutral
9886	A fit young man in a blue tank-top uses both hands to splash water on his face from a wooden bowl.	 A fit young man in a blue tank-top.	entailment
9887	A fit young man in a blue tank-top uses both hands to splash water on his face from a wooden bowl.	A young man is sleeping on a roof.	contradiction
9888	A man with red pants holding on to a wall trying to make it sown some small rocks.	A man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
9889	A man with red pants holding on to a wall trying to make it sown some small rocks.	A man is holding onto a wall.	neutral
9890	A man with red pants holding on to a wall trying to make it sown some small rocks.	A man with red pants on is holding onto a wall with small rocks.	entailment
9891	Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building.	Two brothers are participating in a bike marathon.	neutral
9892	Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building.	Two men on skateboards are riding in the street.	contradiction
9893	Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building.	Two people are riding bikes.	entailment
9894	Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.	A man is on the sidewalk	entailment
9895	Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.	The man is nude	contradiction
9896	Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.	The man is tall	neutral
9897	A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.	The tank top is red.	contradiction
9898	A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.	The tank top is ugly.	neutral
9899	A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.	There is a man.	entailment
9900	A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains.	the people are hiking	neutral
9901	A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains.	people are outside	entailment
9902	A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains.	two dogs are running near a mountain	contradiction
9903	A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.	A woman in a gray shirt running.	entailment
9904	A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.	The shirt is tight.	neutral
9905	A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.	The woman is naked.	contradiction
9906	Two women standing at a stone wall overlooking a vast hilly landscape.	The women are sitting	contradiction
9907	Two women standing at a stone wall overlooking a vast hilly landscape.	The landscape is full of trees	neutral
9908	Two women standing at a stone wall overlooking a vast hilly landscape.	The women are at a stone wall	entailment
9909	A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.	A man wearing red pants in the air close to the ground outside.	entailment
9910	A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.	A man wearing a blue shirt sleeping underneath a tree.	contradiction
9911	A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.	A man wearing red pants parachuting down toward the ground outside.	neutral
9912	Two girls draw on cement with chalk with the ocean in the background.	The girls are drawing smiley faces.	neutral
9913	Two girls draw on cement with chalk with the ocean in the background.	The girls are near the ocean.	entailment
9914	Two girls draw on cement with chalk with the ocean in the background.	The girls are drawing on the walls of a morgue.	contradiction
9915	A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	A kid is looking at various products while his mother shops.	neutral
9916	A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	A kid is running through the park.	contradiction
9917	A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	A kid is indoors.	entailment
9918	A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.	A teenager is at Walmart.	entailment
9919	A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.	The boy is shopping for a new coffee maker for his mom.	neutral
9920	A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.	A teenage girl looks at jewelry at Walmart.	contradiction
9921	One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store.	A man looking to buy a gift.	neutral
9922	One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store.	A guys shopping for a new coffee maker.	entailment
9923	One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store.	This guy is thirsty.	contradiction
9924	A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store.	The teen is getting coffee maker at the store.	neutral
9925	A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store.	A male teen wears a white hat.	entailment
9926	A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store.	The teen is looking for his girlfriend.	contradiction
9927	A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store.	a young thief eyes his next target	neutral
9928	A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store.	a person looks over a store item	entailment
9929	A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store.	an old man looks at a cofee maker	contradiction
9930	A woman is jogging in grass next to a road.	Woman jogging in a marathon.	neutral
9931	A woman is jogging in grass next to a road.	Woman goes for a jog.	entailment
9932	A woman is jogging in grass next to a road.	A woman walks through a city.	contradiction
9933	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A man is sitting on a porch.	contradiction
9934	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A male is cleaning outside.	entailment
9935	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	An old man is outside of his home.	neutral
9936	A group of people waving a flag on stage	An american flag is being waved.	neutral
9937	A group of people waving a flag on stage	A group is in a field during arts and crafts	contradiction
9938	A group of people waving a flag on stage	A crowd has a flag	entailment
9939	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a blue disc.	neutral
9940	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.	There are two animals with wet legs who are playing with each other.	entailment
9941	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc on a dry sidewalk.	contradiction
9942	Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.	A man is taking a picture of two dogs playing.	neutral
9943	Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.	The dogs are climbing a tree.	contradiction
9944	Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.	Two dogs are playing in water.	entailment
9945	Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.	Puppies are fighting outside.	contradiction
9946	Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.	Animals are playing outside.	entailment
9947	Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.	Puppies are swimming in water.	neutral
9948	Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.	Dogs are in water.	entailment
9949	Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.	Two labradors are fighting over a Frisbee.	neutral
9950	Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.	Two teacup poodles are fighting over a bone.	contradiction
9951	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are siblings.	neutral
9952	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The animals are outside.	entailment
9953	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are indoors.	contradiction
9954	Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.	The men are on a stage.	neutral
9955	Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.	Four men standing near each other.	entailment
9956	Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.	The men are all sitting down.	contradiction
9957	Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade.	The five people are wearing Spanish sombreros.	contradiction
9958	Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade.	The people are playing musical instruments outdoors.	entailment
9959	Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade.	The five people are wearing Scottish kilts.	neutral
9960	Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes.	Five men are enjoying the drums.	entailment
9961	Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes.	Men in scottish garb walk down the street to play football.	neutral
9962	Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes.	Bagpipes are not available for men	contradiction
9963	This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent.	The tent is red.	contradiction
9964	This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent.	The band is skilled.	neutral
9965	This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent.	There is a bagpipe.	entailment
9966	An urban, outdoor, daytime setting shows a building with blue walls and prominent graffiti; with two pallets leaning against the building and a sign overhead that says "TAY SHING CORP. 1 ALLEN ST.".	A set of pallets are being runover by a truck who's brakes failed	contradiction
9967	An urban, outdoor, daytime setting shows a building with blue walls and prominent graffiti; with two pallets leaning against the building and a sign overhead that says "TAY SHING CORP. 1 ALLEN ST.".	A set of pallets is stacked against a building	entailment
9968	An urban, outdoor, daytime setting shows a building with blue walls and prominent graffiti; with two pallets leaning against the building and a sign overhead that says "TAY SHING CORP. 1 ALLEN ST.".	A set of pallets is stacked against a building, blocking the fire exit and posing a risk	neutral
9969	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Some humans having fun.	neutral
9970	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A bunch of children are dancing while wearing white, as another person jumps rope.	entailment
9971	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Some children wearing white are dancing, while someone else jumps rope.	neutral
9972	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Children are practicing for an upcoming dance recital.	neutral
9973	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Children are dancing while another jumps rope.	entailment
9974	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of men play football on a Saturday afternoon.	contradiction
9975	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of children in PE class.	neutral
9976	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Just one goose.	contradiction
9977	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	children studying in class	contradiction
9978	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of children in white lying down on the floor.	contradiction
9979	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Some humans dancing	entailment
9980	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of children moving.	entailment
9981	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	children dancing while another jumps rope	entailment
9982	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	children dancing while another jumps rope at school	neutral
9983	A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A bunch of children are relaxing, while someone else jumps.	contradiction
9984	A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket.	A puppy is crying on the blanket.	contradiction
9985	A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket.	A baby is crying for his mother as he is hungry.	neutral
9986	A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket.	A baby is crying.	entailment
9987	Baby in a lavender onesie lying on a pastel green blanket on a couch crying.	The woman is hanging up the phone because she hears her baby crying.	neutral
9988	Baby in a lavender onesie lying on a pastel green blanket on a couch crying.	The baby has just learned to walk.	contradiction
9989	Baby in a lavender onesie lying on a pastel green blanket on a couch crying.	The baby is not happy right now.	entailment
9990	A baby wearing a purple outfit and laying on a green blanket is crying.	An infant cries during a picnic	neutral
9991	A baby wearing a purple outfit and laying on a green blanket is crying.	A grown man laughs while laying on a blanket	contradiction
9992	A baby wearing a purple outfit and laying on a green blanket is crying.	A baby cries on a blanket	entailment
9993	A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.	A baby is wearing no clothes.	contradiction
9994	A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.	A baby is crying.	entailment
9995	A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.	A baby is crying because it is hungry.	neutral
9996	Baby in a purple onesie crying.	The baby is sleeping peacefully.	contradiction
9997	Baby in a purple onesie crying.	The child is under three years old.	entailment
9998	Baby in a purple onesie crying.	The baby is a girl.	neutral
9999	A dog running in the grass.	The dog is lying in the bedroom.	contradiction
10000	A dog running in the grass.	Outside there is an animal on the move.	entailment
10001	A dog running in the grass.	A collie is moving over the ground.	neutral
10002	The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.	rollerbladers burn down local animal shelter	contradiction
10003	The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.	person skateboarding	entailment
10004	The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.	skateboarding gaining in popularity	neutral
10005	A little boy playing with his toy.	the boy  was  caught  playing  with  his toy.	neutral
10006	A little boy playing with his toy.	the dog ran  after the  car.	contradiction
10007	A little boy playing with his toy.	He got  to  play  with  his  toy.	entailment
10008	An impromptu toast among friends.	A group is at a party.	neutral
10009	An impromptu toast among friends.	Everyone in the room hates each other.	contradiction
10010	An impromptu toast among friends.	friends are thinking	neutral
10011	An impromptu toast among friends.	A toast among friends.	entailment
10012	An impromptu toast among friends.	friends are fighting	contradiction
10013	An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends are related	entailment
10014	An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends are having a drink.	entailment
10015	An impromptu toast among friends.	A funeral.	contradiction
10016	An impromptu toast among friends.	A toast at a wedding.	neutral
10017	An impromptu toast among friends.	A man sits alone.	contradiction
10018	An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends have gathered together.	entailment
10019	An impromptu toast among friends.	A group of women doing housework.	contradiction
10020	An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends are at a baby shower.	neutral
10021	An impromptu toast among friends.	Someone has recently made an achievement.	neutral
10022	An impromptu toast among friends.	People are holding up their drinks.	entailment
10023	A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.	A group of children having a jump rope competition.	neutral
10024	A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.	A group of adults playing with a jump rope.	contradiction
10025	A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.	A group of children playing jump rope.	entailment
10026	Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast.	One girl is flying a kite.	contradiction
10027	Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast.	A group of Asian men are celebrating their company's success.	neutral
10028	Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast.	A group of Asian men are celebrating.	entailment
10029	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	The girl loves her red action figure.	neutral
10030	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A little child sits on the floor playing with a toy.	entailment
10031	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
10032	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child rides his bike outside	contradiction
10033	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is playing with a toy while sitting on the floor.	entailment
10034	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is in a house.	neutral
10035	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is sleeping in a crib.	contradiction
10036	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A young kid is playing on the floor.	entailment
10037	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A young boy plays with a toy on the floor	neutral
10038	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child plays with a toy on the floor	entailment
10039	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.	contradiction
10040	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	Twins are fighting over a blue toy car.	contradiction
10041	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is wearing red shorts.	neutral
10042	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is playing with a toy while sitting down.	neutral
10043	A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child plays with a toy.	entailment
10044	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	Kid with toy	entailment
10045	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A child is sleeping in a bed.	contradiction
10046	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	Child playing catch	contradiction
10047	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The young child is indoors.	entailment
10048	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A teenager is standing in the living room.	contradiction
10049	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The child in inside.	entailment
10050	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The child is having fun.	neutral
10051	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The child is playing outside.	contradiction
10052	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A kid is on the floor.	entailment
10053	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A child is amusing themselves.	entailment
10054	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The toy is a rattle.	neutral
10055	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A young child is running through a field.	contradiction
10056	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A little girl plays with a toy train.	neutral
10057	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A child is playing at home.	neutral
10058	A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	Baby playing	neutral
10059	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The little boy has constructed a castle	neutral
10060	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with toys.	entailment
10061	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A girl playing with legos.	contradiction
10062	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The little boy is holding a toy	entailment
10063	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The girl is playing with a doll.	contradiction
10064	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A mom watches her boy play with legos.	neutral
10065	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A little boy plays with some toys.	entailment
10066	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy playing with legos.	entailment
10067	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with dolls.	contradiction
10068	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The boy is sitting in his high chair.	contradiction
10069	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A little boy is building a castle.	neutral
10070	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The little boy is empty-handed	contradiction
10071	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy playing with legos outside.	neutral
10072	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with toys.	entailment
10073	A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is building a Lego house.	neutral
10074	Large ground of men and women listening to something.	A large group of people are assembled together.	entailment
10075	Large ground of men and women listening to something.	Large group of men and women are at a political gathering.	neutral
10076	Large ground of men and women listening to something.	A few men and women are playing soccer.	contradiction
10077	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	The swordsman is holding a weapon in his right hand.	neutral
10078	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	The swordsman's feet are not touching the ground.	entailment
10079	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	The swordsman is wearing a baseball outfit.	contradiction
10080	A man with a black hat reading a book while sitting on a red folding chair.	The man reads a mystery book.	neutral
10081	A man with a black hat reading a book while sitting on a red folding chair.	The man has a green hat on.	contradiction
10082	A man with a black hat reading a book while sitting on a red folding chair.	A man reads while he relaxes.	entailment
10083	Three women are sitting next to a staircase.	Girls dancing freestyle to rap music.	contradiction
10084	Three women are sitting next to a staircase.	Women around a building facility/area.	neutral
10085	Three women are sitting next to a staircase.	Multiple women near a staircase.	entailment
10086	An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.	An actor is performing in an outdoor park dressed up.	entailment
10087	An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.	An actor is dressed up as a historical figure.	neutral
10088	An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.	An actor is eating at a fancy restaurant.	contradiction
10089	A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.	A sword wielder is in the air.	entailment
10090	A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.	The swordsman wears a pale purple sheath dress.	contradiction
10091	A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.	The sowrdsman performs a stunt for a movie.	neutral
10092	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Some woman sit patiently on an incline shuttle.	neutral
10093	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women clutch the handrails in fear.	neutral
10094	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several ladies hold handrials on an incline shuttle.	entailment
10095	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	The women hold tight in case of accident.	neutral
10096	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women hold onto the handrails.	entailment
10097	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women are standing on an incline shuttle.	neutral
10098	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several men drink coffee at the bus stop.	contradiction
10099	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	There are ladies in a hurry to be somewhere.	neutral
10100	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	The women are hiking up the mountain.	contradiction
10101	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Women are holding handrails.	entailment
10102	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	There are ladies drinking tea at home.	contradiction
10103	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	There are ladies going somewhere.	entailment
10104	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Some women are sitting together.	entailment
10105	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women walk up a flight of stairs.	contradiction
10106	Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several men are standing on an incline shuttle.	contradiction
10107	There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city.	one person protest in the city	contradiction
10108	There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city.	a crowd in the city	entailment
10109	There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city.	a protest forms in the city	neutral
10110	A young man wearing a black shirt is posing for a picture in a museum.	A young man is inside.	entailment
10111	A young man wearing a black shirt is posing for a picture in a museum.	The young man is outside skateboarding.	contradiction
10112	A young man wearing a black shirt is posing for a picture in a museum.	A young man is with his family in a museum.	neutral
10113	A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.	The adult is mashing potatoes with his hands.	contradiction
10114	A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.	The adult is holding a rat trap.	neutral
10115	A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.	The adult is wearing a shirt.	entailment
10116	Young happy boy in a dark shirt is pretending to stick his hand in a prop animal trap.	a boy playing with an animal trap	entailment
10117	Young happy boy in a dark shirt is pretending to stick his hand in a prop animal trap.	a man cleaning his yard tool	contradiction
10118	Young happy boy in a dark shirt is pretending to stick his hand in a prop animal trap.	a boy cleaning his hunting gear	neutral
10119	A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a torture device in a playful manner.	A person is goofing off with a device of torture.	entailment
10120	A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a torture device in a playful manner.	A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in an Iron Maiden in a playful manner.	neutral
10121	A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a torture device in a playful manner.	A young man in a red graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a pool of lava in a playful manner.	contradiction
10122	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.	The lady in blue is waiting on the bus.	neutral
10123	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.	The lady in blue is sitting down.	entailment
10124	A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.	The lady in blue is running down the road.	contradiction
10125	A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting.	The two people are standing in the street.	contradiction
10126	A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting.	The couple is sitting in front of an office building.	neutral
10127	A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting.	The couple sits on the city street.	entailment
10128	A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera.	The group are outside because it's a beautiful day.	neutral
10129	A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera.	A group of people involved in different activities are outside.	entailment
10130	A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera.	The group of people are sleeping in their beds inside their homes.	contradiction
10131	A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.	A man driving a motorcycle.	contradiction
10132	A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.	A homeless man holding as sign up asking for food.	neutral
10133	A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.	A person holding a sign.	entailment
10134	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A dog is outside.	entailment
10135	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A dog is chasing a ball on the back porch.	contradiction
10136	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A dog is running with his litter mates outside.	neutral
10137	2 men in safety vests haul a hose out of a body of water.	Men are pulling a hose out of the water.	entailment
10138	2 men in safety vests haul a hose out of a body of water.	Men are pulling a hose out from the reservoir.	neutral
10139	2 men in safety vests haul a hose out of a body of water.	Men are working on construction in the street.	contradiction
10140	a yellow lab drinks water.	A dog is thirsty.	entailment
10141	a yellow lab drinks water.	The dog is sleeping on the porch.	contradiction
10142	a yellow lab drinks water.	A dog has been running a long way and needs a drink.	neutral
10143	Female is bathing in a waterfall while wearing a pink flowered bikini.	Person is submerged in a waterfall while wearing a two piece bathing suit.	entailment
10144	Female is bathing in a waterfall while wearing a pink flowered bikini.	Man is cleaning a knife while wearing a sombrero.	contradiction
10145	Female is bathing in a waterfall while wearing a pink flowered bikini.	Blonde woman is washing her hair wearing a bikini with a pattern of Carnations.	neutral
10146	A thin girl, with her eyes closed and her hands touching her head, is wearing a colorful bikini bottom and a red top as she stands beneath a briskly-flowing stream of water coming down from a wet cliff beside her.	Everybody has eyes opened.	contradiction
10147	A thin girl, with her eyes closed and her hands touching her head, is wearing a colorful bikini bottom and a red top as she stands beneath a briskly-flowing stream of water coming down from a wet cliff beside her.	A person with eyes closes	entailment
10148	A thin girl, with her eyes closed and her hands touching her head, is wearing a colorful bikini bottom and a red top as she stands beneath a briskly-flowing stream of water coming down from a wet cliff beside her.	A tall person with eyes closed	neutral
10149	A young lady wearing a bathing suit is rinsing her hair out in nature under a falling stream of water.	The lady's bathing suit is one piece.	neutral
10150	A young lady wearing a bathing suit is rinsing her hair out in nature under a falling stream of water.	A person has wet hair.	entailment
10151	A young lady wearing a bathing suit is rinsing her hair out in nature under a falling stream of water.	The lady is taking a shower indoors.	contradiction
10152	A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.	A dog is outside drinking.	neutral
10153	A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.	A dog is drinking.	entailment
10154	A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.	A dog is taking a nap in the sun.	contradiction
10155	The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.	The yellow dog is eating a bone.	contradiction
10156	The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.	The yellow dog is thirsty.	entailment
10157	The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.	The yellow dog just finished playing catch.	neutral
10158	A young woman wearing a bikini, standing under a waterfall.	The woman is standing.	entailment
10159	A young woman wearing a bikini, standing under a waterfall.	The woman is going to work while eating bars of gold.	contradiction
10160	A young woman wearing a bikini, standing under a waterfall.	The woman is at nice resort.	neutral
10161	A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.	An animal drinks.	entailment
10162	A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.	A brown female dog drinks.	neutral
10163	A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.	A brown cat drinks from a bowl.	contradiction
10164	A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs, there are cars and more trees in the background.	A group of people stand under a tree by some chairs.	entailment
10165	A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs, there are cars and more trees in the background.	A group of people sit inside a car.	contradiction
10166	A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs, there are cars and more trees in the background.	A group of people stand by some cars and a tree	neutral
10167	A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	A bald man holds a girl up on his shoulders.	entailment
10168	A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	A man with a mullet holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	contradiction
10169	A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders so she can get a better look at the concert.	neutral
10170	Man in backpack in tight gray biker shorts bent over.	The man is white.	neutral
10171	Man in backpack in tight gray biker shorts bent over.	The man has a cat.	contradiction
10172	Man in backpack in tight gray biker shorts bent over.	A man has a backpack.	entailment
10173	Several men and women gather at a sporting event.	The old people watch the event.	neutral
10174	Several men and women gather at a sporting event.	The kids cheer for the magician.	contradiction
10175	Several men and women gather at a sporting event.	The people hang out at the sporting event.	entailment
10176	A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street.	A bald man walks down the street with his daughter on his shoulders.	neutral
10177	A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street.	A man with a red shirt is bowling with his 2 sons.	contradiction
10178	A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street.	A bald man and a girl are outside.	entailment
10179	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	a little girl sits on a mans shoulders	entailment
10180	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders smiling as they walk through a crowded street together.	neutral
10181	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	a girl is sitting on her dads shoulders after her school play	neutral
10182	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they are walking.	entailment
10183	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Young lady with face covering riding atop man's neck as they jaunt through a busy area in tandem.	entailment
10184	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Toddler with disguise riding on dad's back as he carries her along a busy route.	neutral
10185	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	a girl is carrying her dad	contradiction
10186	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The little girl is with her daddy.	neutral
10187	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The man and girl are outside together.	entailment
10188	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Youngster with mask on daddy's back as they travel through a lonely village.	contradiction
10189	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The girl sitting on the man's shoulders is his daughter.	neutral
10190	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The little girl is is running behind the man.	contradiction
10191	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The man and girl are outside walking on the street.	entailment
10192	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The girl is wearing a mask while runs around the crowded street.	contradiction
10193	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Little girl wearing a giraffe sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	contradiction
10194	A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.	A man walks down a street.	entailment
10195	A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.	A man is carrying his son.	contradiction
10196	A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.	A man has his daughter on his shoulders.	neutral
10197	A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.	The girl is with her father, and they are on their way to a Halloween party.	neutral
10198	A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.	The girl is wearing sunglasses and riding a scooter.	contradiction
10199	A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.	The girl is wearing a mask.	entailment
10200	a man on a suit walking down a very colorful street	A man walks down a tree-lined street in autumn.	neutral
10201	a man on a suit walking down a very colorful street	There is a man is sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
10202	a man on a suit walking down a very colorful street	A man is walking down the street.	entailment
10203	Several construction workers are looking at an escalator	Construction workers admire an escalator they just installed.	neutral
10204	Several construction workers are looking at an escalator	Construction workers walk down the stairs.	contradiction
10205	Several construction workers are looking at an escalator	Workers look at an escalator.	entailment
10206	A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator.	Construction workers are fixing an escalator.	neutral
10207	A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator.	A group of people are working.	entailment
10208	A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator.	Construction workers are driving a truck.	contradiction
10209	Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window.	The workers are in the building.	entailment
10210	Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window.	They are ready to put in a long shift.	neutral
10211	Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window.	They are ready to clock out for the day.	contradiction
10212	A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant.	A girl is sitting in a chair at a restaurant.	contradiction
10213	A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant.	A girl is changing a light bulb in a restaurant.	neutral
10214	A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant.	A girl is standing on a chair.	entailment
10215	A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.	the woman is asleep at home	contradiction
10216	A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.	the woman is white	neutral
10217	A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.	a woman make juice	entailment
10218	A small girl standing on a chair in a restaurant fiddles with a large machine.	There is at least one large machine in the restaurant.	entailment
10219	A small girl standing on a chair in a restaurant fiddles with a large machine.	A little girl is sleeping on the floor of her bedroom.	contradiction
10220	A small girl standing on a chair in a restaurant fiddles with a large machine.	The girl is not being supervised by an adult.	neutral
10221	A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine.	A girl is inspecting a machine.	entailment
10222	A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine.	A girl is laying on the floor.	contradiction
10223	A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine.	A girl is a health inspector.	neutral
10224	A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing towards the sky.	A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing.	entailment
10225	A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing towards the sky.	the guy is looking downwards  and pointing at his backpack on the floor.	contradiction
10226	A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing towards the sky.	The guy is pointed at a bird overhead	neutral
10227	A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.	A man posing to the camera.	neutral
10228	A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.	A man riding in the horse.	contradiction
10229	A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.	There is a man in the outdoor.	entailment
10230	A man wearing a green shirt stands in a parking lot and points his finger.	A man driving his car out of the parking lot.	contradiction
10231	A man wearing a green shirt stands in a parking lot and points his finger.	A man pointing something out.	entailment
10232	A man wearing a green shirt stands in a parking lot and points his finger.	A man pointing toward his car.	neutral
10233	A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky.	A human male in a green jacket pointing an imaginary gun at the sky.	neutral
10234	A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky.	A lifeform in a green jacket pointing an imaginary gun at the sky.	entailment
10235	A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky.	A woman in a green jacket pointing an imaginary gun at the sky.	contradiction
10236	A man sitting in a chair at the library holding a little boy with a red shirt reading a book.	The man sat in the chair holding his son.	neutral
10237	A man sitting in a chair at the library holding a little boy with a red shirt reading a book.	The man in the chair held the boy.	entailment
10238	A man sitting in a chair at the library holding a little boy with a red shirt reading a book.	The woman stood holding her daughter.	contradiction
10239	Kid holding a golf ball in the air in a parking lot.	A kid holding a golf ball in the air is running.	neutral
10240	Kid holding a golf ball in the air in a parking lot.	A kid holds a golf ball.	entailment
10241	Kid holding a golf ball in the air in a parking lot.	A kid is holding a bowling ball.	contradiction
10242	One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching.	Two men are by the water	entailment
10243	One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching.	Two girls are jumping in the water	contradiction
10244	One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching.	Brothers are by the water	neutral
10245	A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas	the woman is naked	contradiction
10246	A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas	a woman in a bathroom	entailment
10247	A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas	the woman is sleepwalking	neutral
10248	A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it.	A man water skis while a lot of people watch him.	contradiction
10249	A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it.	A group of people are celebrating labor day out on the lake.	neutral
10250	A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it.	A man jumps into a tube.	entailment
10251	A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches.	There is no water around.	contradiction
10252	A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches.	There is water.	entailment
10253	A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches.	The lake has snakes.	neutral
10254	A lady is preparing some medicine to take.	The lady is preparing medicine because she has a fever.	neutral
10255	A lady is preparing some medicine to take.	The lady is getting the medicine ready.	entailment
10256	A lady is preparing some medicine to take.	The lady is preparing a cake.	contradiction
10257	A black person in a home bathroom with a syringe.	The woman is getting dinner in the drive through.	contradiction
10258	A black person in a home bathroom with a syringe.	A man is inside a home.	entailment
10259	A black person in a home bathroom with a syringe.	The man is getting ready to inject insulin as treatment for his diabetes.	neutral
10260	A woman in a bathroom using a syringe.	A woman has a needle.	entailment
10261	A woman in a bathroom using a syringe.	A man is in the hospital.	contradiction
10262	A woman in a bathroom using a syringe.	A woman is injecting herself with insulin.	neutral
10263	A nurse holding a needle in a hospital.	A nurse is returning home from work.	contradiction
10264	A nurse holding a needle in a hospital.	A nurse is getting ready to take someone's blood.	neutral
10265	A nurse holding a needle in a hospital.	A nurse is indoors.	entailment
10266	An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.	A man standing outside near kids in the rain.	neutral
10267	An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.	A man standing outside near kids.	entailment
10268	An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.	Two men sleeping outside.	contradiction
10269	A woman with a blue suitcase waits on the curb.	A woman is waiting for the bus	neutral
10270	A woman with a blue suitcase waits on the curb.	A man is waiting with no luggage on the curb	contradiction
10271	A woman with a blue suitcase waits on the curb.	A woman is waiting by the curb.	entailment
10272	A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street.	A woman is waiting outside	entailment
10273	A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street.	A woman is trying to catch a taxi	neutral
10274	A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street.	A woman is at the airport	contradiction
10275	An older woman waiting at the bus stop with her bags.	A woman is carrying bags.	entailment
10276	An older woman waiting at the bus stop with her bags.	A woman is waiting to board a bus.	neutral
10277	An older woman waiting at the bus stop with her bags.	A woman is driving a bus.	contradiction
10278	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is waiting for a taxi with her luggage.	neutral
10279	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman has luggage above her head.	contradiction
10280	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is standing on the sidewalk.	entailment
10281	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman has lost her luggage.	contradiction
10282	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is lying in the middle of the street.	contradiction
10283	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is outside with bags.	entailment
10284	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is waiting for a taxi.	neutral
10285	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	The woman is eating a sandwich on the planet Venus.	contradiction
10286	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is wither her luggage.	entailment
10287	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman has just been dropped off by a car from the airport.	neutral
10288	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	The woman is outdoors.	entailment
10289	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is standing on a walkway.	entailment
10290	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	The woman is smoking a cigarette.	neutral
10291	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A mid-aged female is waiting on a taxi after landing at the airport.	neutral
10292	A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is seated at her dining room table drinking beer.	contradiction
10293	Two men, one wearing glasses, with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk.	The man has a mixing bowl and milk.	entailment
10294	Two men, one wearing glasses, with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk.	The man is going to make food.	neutral
10295	Two men, one wearing glasses, with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk.	The woman is in the shopping mall.	contradiction
10296	A boy in a cowboy outfit pets a longhorn.	A little boy dressed as a cowboy for halloween rides a mechanical bull	contradiction
10297	A boy in a cowboy outfit pets a longhorn.	The little cowboy strokes the texas cow.	neutral
10298	A boy in a cowboy outfit pets a longhorn.	The longhorn cow gets petted by a young cowboy.	entailment
10299	A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man is with his son.	entailment
10300	A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man is singing.	contradiction
10301	A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man is reading Moby Dick.	neutral
10302	A woman working in a bakery is showing the camera the bread they sell.	A woman shows off a new bread they made with an experimental recipe.	neutral
10303	A woman working in a bakery is showing the camera the bread they sell.	A woman displays the goods for sale in the bakery.	entailment
10304	A woman working in a bakery is showing the camera the bread they sell.	A man yells at a another who cut him off.	contradiction
10305	Five children are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a glassed in building, with one child holding a bag of items the other children appear to be interested in.	The criminal children are all in front of the building.	neutral
10306	Five children are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a glassed in building, with one child holding a bag of items the other children appear to be interested in.	The children are all on the sidewalk in front of the building and one has a bag.	entailment
10307	Five children are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a glassed in building, with one child holding a bag of items the other children appear to be interested in.	The kids are all huddling together in the last moments before the apcolypse.	contradiction
10308	A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	A woman is sitting by someone with a cup.	entailment
10309	A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	The cup has water in it.	neutral
10310	A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	A person is holding nothing and sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	contradiction
10311	A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.	The man and woman are outside.	entailment
10312	A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.	The couple are eating together outdoors.	neutral
10313	A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.	The couple are playing basketball inside the YMCA.	contradiction
10314	A woman with a blue sweater over a red shirt sits on a blanket with a man holding a red cup in front of his face.	A woman and a man are sitting on top of a blanket.	entailment
10315	A woman with a blue sweater over a red shirt sits on a blanket with a man holding a red cup in front of his face.	Two babies are playing on a rug.	contradiction
10316	A woman with a blue sweater over a red shirt sits on a blanket with a man holding a red cup in front of his face.	A woman is handing a man a drink while they are on a picnic.	neutral
10317	Two people are sitting on the ground and one is holding a red plastic cup.	Two people are eating dinner.	contradiction
10318	Two people are sitting on the ground and one is holding a red plastic cup.	Two people are sitting down.	entailment
10319	Two people are sitting on the ground and one is holding a red plastic cup.	Two people are sitting while one of them drinks beer.	neutral
10320	Friends enjoying a beautiful day on campus.	Friends are standing outside in the rain.	contradiction
10321	Friends enjoying a beautiful day on campus.	College students are lounging in a grassy field with college buildings in the background.	neutral
10322	Friends enjoying a beautiful day on campus.	People are outside at a university on a sunny day.	entailment
10323	A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer	There is a computer in front of a sitting man.	entailment
10324	A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer	A man sits in front of a computer screen in his office.	neutral
10325	A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer	A man sits at his friend's desk in front of a computer.	contradiction
10326	A woman is walking her bike past a group of people.	A woman is walking her bike.	entailment
10327	A woman is walking her bike past a group of people.	A woman is eating	contradiction
10328	A woman is walking her bike past a group of people.	A woman is walking	neutral
10329	A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area.	the man has a shirt on	contradiction
10330	A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area.	the man is in a competition	neutral
10331	A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area.	the man has no shirt	entailment
10332	A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone.	A man is playing with clay	contradiction
10333	A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone.	A man is writing letters in a rock	entailment
10334	A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone.	A man is carving the ten commandments	neutral
10335	a boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	Children eating at the table.	neutral
10336	a boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	A child sharing their food with their siblings.	entailment
10337	a boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	Woman cooking hamburgers.	contradiction
10338	A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.	A man has fallen asleep in his chair.	contradiction
10339	A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.	A man is on the top floor, looking at the city below.	neutral
10340	A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.	A man is looking out a large window.	entailment
10341	A man with a laptop is sitting near a window with a view of a city below.	The man is alseep in his room.	contradiction
10342	A man with a laptop is sitting near a window with a view of a city below.	The man has his laptop with him but is looking at the view of the city from his window.	neutral
10343	A man with a laptop is sitting near a window with a view of a city below.	While looking at the city below through the window, a man has his laptop with him.	entailment
10344	A man uses his laptop while sitting in front of his window.	The man enjoys sitting by the window when he uses his laptop.	neutral
10345	A man uses his laptop while sitting in front of his window.	A man is working on his computer outside.	entailment
10346	A man uses his laptop while sitting in front of his window.	The man is working on his laptop at a coffee shop.	neutral
10347	He is at work overlooking the busy streets below.	The man comtemplates jumping.	contradiction
10348	He is at work overlooking the busy streets below.	The sniper observes the streets.	neutral
10349	He is at work overlooking the busy streets below.	The man overlooks the streets below.	entailment
10350	Two young males weaving fishing nets.	The two men are cooking dinner	contradiction
10351	Two young males weaving fishing nets.	The two men are brothers	neutral
10352	Two young males weaving fishing nets.	Two males are making nets	entailment
10353	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	The young boy is sitting in the cool grass, enjoying a popsicle.	contradiction
10354	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	There is a boy in this picture, and he is outside.	entailment
10355	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	The boy is visiting his cousins, who have their own swimming pool that he wants to enjoy.	neutral
10356	Many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area.	The people are racing on their bicycles.	neutral
10357	Many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area.	The downtown are is crowded with people and bicycles.	entailment
10358	Many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area.	There downtown area was empty of people.	contradiction
10359	A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building.	Three people run past a red building	neutral
10360	A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building.	Only one person races by a building	contradiction
10361	A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building.	A bunch of people run past a building	entailment
10362	Dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street.	The cyclists are outdoors.	entailment
10363	Dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street.	The cyclists are on rollerskates.	contradiction
10364	Dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street.	The cyclists are racing.	neutral
10365	A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.	The cyclists drive their cars down the road.	contradiction
10366	A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.	The street is empty, save for the bikes.	neutral
10367	A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.	People are riding bikes outside.	entailment
10368	A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.	The man is asleep.	contradiction
10369	A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.	The man is going to a meeting.	neutral
10370	A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.	A man has on clothes.	entailment
10371	Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.	A man walks down the street naked.	contradiction
10372	Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.	An older man walks to the unemployment office.	neutral
10373	Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.	A man in a suit walks to work.	entailment
10374	A man in a blue jacket sweeps the ground.	The broom left a trail of dust on the sidewalk.	neutral
10375	A man in a blue jacket sweeps the ground.	A man with no shirt swept the ground.	contradiction
10376	A man in a blue jacket sweeps the ground.	There is a man outside.	entailment
10377	Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water.	The divers are all men.	neutral
10378	Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water.	The divers are near the water.	entailment
10379	Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water.	The divers are sitting in a classroom.	contradiction
10380	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of friends are going scuba diving.	neutral
10381	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of men in scuba gear are preparing to go into the water.	entailment
10382	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	The four individuals are all expert divers.	neutral
10383	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	People are outside.	entailment
10384	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of 7 dogs are standing together at the waters edge.	contradiction
10385	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	The four individuals will get wet.	entailment
10386	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	People are at home.	contradiction
10387	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	There are four people standing near the waters edge.	entailment
10388	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	4 individuals are digging in the sand.	contradiction
10389	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	The four individuals are ready to sacrifice themselves to Triton, the god of the sea.	contradiction
10390	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	People are about to go diving.	neutral
10391	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	4 men are at the waters edge with fishing spears in their hands.	neutral
10392	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of individuals are standing outdoors.	entailment
10393	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of 2 men and 2 woman are standing together at the waters edge.	neutral
10394	There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	Four people are eating at a restaraunt.	contradiction
10395	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	There is a boy standing in the sunshine.	entailment
10396	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is playing soccer indoors.	contradiction
10397	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	There is a male Caucasian child among plants.	entailment
10398	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is sleeping.	contradiction
10399	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is wearing sunglasses.	entailment
10400	Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is wearing expensive sunglasses.	neutral
10401	A boy and a girl are walking in a mall.	A man walking a dog outside	contradiction
10402	A boy and a girl are walking in a mall.	A boy and a girl walking inside a shopping center	entailment
10403	A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant.	People are eating at a restaurant.	entailment
10404	A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant.	People are eating breakfast at a restaurant.	neutral
10405	A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant.	There are no people in the restaurant.	contradiction
10406	A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A couple walking towards their table in a restaurant.	neutral
10407	A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A couple makes their way through a restaurant.	entailment
10408	A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A man plays the harp for a crowd.	contradiction
10409	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and girl sit on a bench.	contradiction
10410	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	girl follows stranger to his house	contradiction
10411	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and a girl are outside.	entailment
10412	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	The girl is wearing a dress.	contradiction
10413	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	There are women in the streets.	neutral
10414	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	father and daughter navigate the area	neutral
10415	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A couple is walking down the street.	neutral
10416	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and a girl are running.	contradiction
10417	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and his daughter are walking	neutral
10418	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A father and daughter walk down the street together.	neutral
10419	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	man and girl walk down crowded street	entailment
10420	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	The streets are empty.	contradiction
10421	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man is walking in front of a girl.	entailment
10422	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	Two people are walking down the street.	entailment
10423	A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and girl on a crowded street.	entailment
10424	A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.	A man and a woman are walking through a Chinese restaurant.	entailment
10425	A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.	A newlywed couple is walking through a Chinese restaurant.	neutral
10426	A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.	Two little girls are eating Mexican food.	contradiction
10427	A man in blue browses a book as he works his stand.	The man is wearing red.	contradiction
10428	A man in blue browses a book as he works his stand.	The man is working at his own stand.	entailment
10429	A man in blue browses a book as he works his stand.	The man wears a blue outfit that is specifically for his work.	neutral
10430	A baker is showing off her bread.	The baker makes bread.	entailment
10431	A baker is showing off her bread.	The baker is running a marathon.	contradiction
10432	A baker is showing off her bread.	The baker is in a competition.	neutral
10433	A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.	A man is assisting a child.	entailment
10434	A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.	An uncle is helping his nephew with his bike.	neutral
10435	A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.	A woman is helping her son.	contradiction
10436	An African woman dressed in earth tone clothing holds up one of her crutches as other apparently disabled adults look on from behind her.	An African woman is swimming	contradiction
10437	An African woman dressed in earth tone clothing holds up one of her crutches as other apparently disabled adults look on from behind her.	An African woman is on crutches	entailment
10438	An African woman dressed in earth tone clothing holds up one of her crutches as other apparently disabled adults look on from behind her.	An African woman is showing off the crutches an aid organization purchased for her	neutral
10439	A yellow car is driving away from the water.	A cab is driving away	neutral
10440	A yellow car is driving away from the water.	A truck is at a gas station	contradiction
10441	A yellow car is driving away from the water.	A car is on the move	entailment
10442	A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.	The boy is riding the bicycle	neutral
10443	A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.	The boy is sleeping.	contradiction
10444	A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.	A man is showing a boy something	entailment
10445	A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.	The boy is on a tennis court.	neutral
10446	A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.	The boy is sleeping at home.	contradiction
10447	A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.	The teenage boy is swinging a racket.	entailment
10448	A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.	A yellow race car is trying to catch up to the leader on the track	neutral
10449	A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.	A group of people watches a yellow plane in an air show	contradiction
10450	A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.	A group of people watch a yellow race car drive on the track	entailment
10451	A boy plays tennis.	A boy is playing a sport.	entailment
10452	A boy plays tennis.	A boy is playing his favorite sport.	neutral
10453	A boy plays tennis.	A boy is playing with a turkey.	contradiction
10454	Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building.	six women in robes pass through an elegant building	entailment
10455	Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building.	the women are in a seedy motel, wearing hardly any clothes	contradiction
10456	Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building.	the women are all royalty	neutral
10457	A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.	Someone is driving a yellow car.	entailment
10458	A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.	The yellow car is on a race course.	neutral
10459	A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.	The car is orange.	contradiction
10460	A boy in a tank top skateboarding.	Boy is at a skateboarding park, doing tricks.	neutral
10461	A boy in a tank top skateboarding.	Skateboarder in a muscle shirt	entailment
10462	A boy in a tank top skateboarding.	Girl is on a bike.	contradiction
10463	A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.	She is hungry for food and is eating dinner	contradiction
10464	A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.	She is tired	neutral
10465	A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.	A person is holding her head	entailment
10466	Women with head coverings walking through a outdoor market	The women are visiting the street vendors.	entailment
10467	Women with head coverings walking through a outdoor market	The women are in a market in Morocco.	neutral
10468	Women with head coverings walking through a outdoor market	Women shopping at an indoor mall.	contradiction
10469	A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face.	A competitor in a competition is looking at something.	entailment
10470	A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face.	A gymnast is confused about something.	neutral
10471	A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face.	A person is reading a book on the beach.	contradiction
10472	a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt	A young man is wearing a pink dress.	contradiction
10473	a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt	The young man is listening to music as he skateboards down the street.	neutral
10474	a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt	Someone is skateboarding.	entailment
10475	A boy skateboards down the street.	A boy rides his skateboard.	entailment
10476	A boy skateboards down the street.	A boy rides his skateboard to the park.	neutral
10477	A boy skateboards down the street.	A boy rides his bike to the store.	contradiction
10478	A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street	A kid is on the street waiting for someone.	neutral
10479	A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street	A kid is cycling by himself.	contradiction
10480	A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street	A kid is on the street.	entailment
10481	A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.	The boy and man are working on a car.	contradiction
10482	A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.	The people are fooling with bicycles.	entailment
10483	A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.	The peopl are getting ready for the Tour de' France.	neutral
10484	Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog.	There are people in the water.	entailment
10485	Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog.	The people are young.	neutral
10486	Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog.	It is a clear day to go swimming.	contradiction
10487	Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.	People making faces in the pool.	entailment
10488	Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.	A family having fun making faces in the pool.	neutral
10489	Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.	Three people sitting in the sun.	contradiction
10490	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming when it is extremely mist with a building in the background	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman joyously swimming	neutral
10491	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming when it is extremely mist with a building in the background	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman not swimming	contradiction
10492	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming when it is extremely mist with a building in the background	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming	entailment
10493	Some people are swimming in water; one has goggles on.	The water is cold.	neutral
10494	Some people are swimming in water; one has goggles on.	Some people are swimming.	entailment
10495	Some people are swimming in water; one has goggles on.	No one is wearing goggles.	contradiction
10496	A barber stares into the camera and shows the inside of his shop.	The barber is holding a comb.	neutral
10497	A barber stares into the camera and shows the inside of his shop.	The barber is not looking into the camera.	contradiction
10498	A barber stares into the camera and shows the inside of his shop.	The barber is looking at the camera.	entailment
10499	A young girl is climbing a fake rock-wall	There is a girl watching others climb	contradiction
10500	A young girl is climbing a fake rock-wall	There is a girl climbing outdoors	neutral
10501	A young girl is climbing a fake rock-wall	There is a girl climbing	entailment
10502	An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway.	A man sits in a chair.	entailment
10503	An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway.	A man is blocking the doorway.	neutral
10504	An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway.	A man sleeps on the sofa.	contradiction
10505	crowd of people walking down on old town street lined with shops.	A crowd of people march in a parade	neutral
10506	crowd of people walking down on old town street lined with shops.	A rcowd of people are outdoors.	entailment
10507	crowd of people walking down on old town street lined with shops.	A crown of people are inside	contradiction
10508	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	the man was talking	entailment
10509	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man is sitting behind a desk, surrounded by radio equipment, and is speaking into a microphone.	entailment
10510	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man isn't in a suit and there is no radio equipment nearby.	contradiction
10511	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man speaks clearly.	entailment
10512	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	the man was a paid presenter	neutral
10513	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A radio announcer, wearing a suit, speaks into his microphone on air.	entailment
10514	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man is sleeping on his desk.	contradiction
10515	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	An executive wanders into a radio station and attempts to play with the radio equipment.	contradiction
10516	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man records a radio program.	neutral
10517	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man sits at a desk while wearing a suit and talking into a microphone.	entailment
10518	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man is using radio equipment to communicate.	neutral
10519	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	the man was jumping off a train	contradiction
10520	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	He is a radio psychiatrist based in Seattle.	neutral
10521	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man is watching football on the couch.	contradiction
10522	A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A radio announcer's guest, wearing a suit, speaks into his microphone after the host gives him the go-ahead.	neutral
10523	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	The man in the picture has never seen anything that runs on electricity.	contradiction
10524	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is making a recording.	neutral
10525	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man recording his vocals at a music studio.	neutral
10526	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is using a microphone.	entailment
10527	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man records his speech.	entailment
10528	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man has nothing in his hands	contradiction
10529	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man next to recording equipment.	entailment
10530	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is making noise	entailment
10531	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man singing in the shower.	contradiction
10532	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	Someone in the photo is trying to transmit, record, or project his voice.	entailment
10533	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is recording an album	neutral
10534	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is recording a podcast in a studio.	neutral
10535	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man plays guitar in a studio	contradiction
10536	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	This gentlemen works at a radio station.	neutral
10537	A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A woman is using a computer.	contradiction
10538	A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
10539	A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.	A man is making announcements.	neutral
10540	A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.	A man is sitting.	entailment
10541	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The business man is wearing a dark red suit.	neutral
10542	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A man is trying to raise money on his radio show.	neutral
10543	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A man has a radio show.	entailment
10544	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man in the dark suit is taking a nap.	contradiction
10545	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The business man is wearing a neon colored suit.	contradiction
10546	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	a man does a show	entailment
10547	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	the man is at home cooking	contradiction
10548	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is talking on the radio.	entailment
10549	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A business man is on air of the radio show.	entailment
10550	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	the man is a music enthusiast	neutral
10551	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A man is hosting a celebrity on his TV show.	contradiction
10552	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is on TV.	contradiction
10553	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is promoting his politics on the radio.	neutral
10554	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man has a nice voice.	neutral
10555	The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is on the radio.	entailment
10556	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A formally-dressed business professional is talking into a microphone.	entailment
10557	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A businessman is having drinks with friends.	contradiction
10558	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man whispers to himself.	contradiction
10559	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A salesman speaks to his customers through a microphone about the benefits he offers.	neutral
10560	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A businessman is talking.	neutral
10561	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man is speaking publicly.	entailment
10562	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man uses a microphone.	entailment
10563	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	the man is using technology	entailment
10564	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A businessman is giving a speech.	neutral
10565	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	the man is yelling into a megaphone at a football game.	contradiction
10566	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man in a business suit is talking into a mic.	entailment
10567	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	the man is speaking to a group of clients while he is on a stage	neutral
10568	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man watches a game of football with a large crowd of people.	contradiction
10569	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man is talking at a conference.	neutral
10570	Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A homeless man is talking incoherently to himself.	contradiction
10571	The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.	Dog is sleeping	entailment
10572	The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.	Dog eating some snacks	contradiction
10573	The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.	Dog likes blanket	neutral
10574	Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.	Dog feeding her puppies.	entailment
10575	Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.	German sheppard feeding her puppies.	neutral
10576	Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.	Cats drinking milk.	contradiction
10577	The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.	A momma dog is nudging her pups to eat	neutral
10578	The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.	A momma dog is riding a skateboard	contradiction
10579	The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.	A litter of pups are eating	entailment
10580	A white dog nurses her pups.	A white dog has no puppies.	contradiction
10581	A white dog nurses her pups.	A white dog has puppies.	entailment
10582	A white dog nurses her pups.	A white dog has white puppies.	neutral
10583	Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.	A mountain biker rides in a race.	neutral
10584	Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.	The biker is riding outside.	entailment
10585	Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.	The man is walking slowly alongside his bike.	contradiction
10586	A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.	A father and his son are doing things around their ranch together.	neutral
10587	A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.	A man is riding his horse.	contradiction
10588	A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.	Two people are dressed like cowboys.	entailment
10589	A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.	A boy blowing bubbles in a park.	neutral
10590	A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.	A girl blowing bubbles.	contradiction
10591	A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.	A boy blowing bubbles.	entailment
10592	A man and a little boy in cowboy hats hold hands walking across the street.	a man and boy are riding a roller coaster	contradiction
10593	A man and a little boy in cowboy hats hold hands walking across the street.	a man and boy are headed to a rodea	neutral
10594	A man and a little boy in cowboy hats hold hands walking across the street.	a man and boy hold hands to cross the street	entailment
10595	A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats.	Nobody has suspenders	contradiction
10596	A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats.	A tall human in suspenders	neutral
10597	A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats.	A human in suspenders	entailment
10598	Well i think there amish but there carrying maybe a cellphone or walkie talkie.	The only amish person to own a cellphone.	neutral
10599	Well i think there amish but there carrying maybe a cellphone or walkie talkie.	A woman throwing a cellphone to the ground.	contradiction
10600	Well i think there amish but there carrying maybe a cellphone or walkie talkie.	Humans carrying technology.	entailment
10601	A large man and small boy wearing cowboy hats and suspenders are holding hands.	Two people hold hands.	entailment
10602	A large man and small boy wearing cowboy hats and suspenders are holding hands.	Two kids wrestle a goat.	contradiction
10603	A large man and small boy wearing cowboy hats and suspenders are holding hands.	A boy takes the hand of his uncle.	neutral
10604	A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.	A woman walking a dog on the beach.	contradiction
10605	A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.	A woman and dog on the beach.	entailment
10606	A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.	A woman with her pet dog on the beach.	neutral
10607	A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.	The woman is tired.	neutral
10608	A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.	The woman is running.	contradiction
10609	A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.	The woman is outside sitting down.	entailment
10610	A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach.	The woman is waiting for the dogs owner on the bench.	neutral
10611	A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach.	The woman is running a marathon.	contradiction
10612	A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach.	A woman is on a bench.	entailment
10613	A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean.	The woman is playing with the dog on a bench near the ocean.	neutral
10614	A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean.	The female is cat sitting with the dog on a bench near the ocean.	contradiction
10615	A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean.	There is a female baby sitting a dog while on a bench near the ocean.	entailment
10616	white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.	A tall human looking out	neutral
10617	white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.	Nobody is looking out.	contradiction
10618	white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.	A human looking out.	entailment
10619	A man spray paints graffiti art on the size of a concrete wall.	A man is cleaning a wall.	contradiction
10620	A man spray paints graffiti art on the size of a concrete wall.	A person is painting.	entailment
10621	A man spray paints graffiti art on the size of a concrete wall.	An artist is outside.	neutral
10622	The young man has just crossed a rickety footbridge.	The bridge is made of solid concrete	neutral
10623	The young man has just crossed a rickety footbridge.	The footbridge is made of wood	neutral
10624	The young man has just crossed a rickety footbridge.	The man is less than fifty years old.	entailment
10625	A man in a deep blue shirt is touching up on his graffiti art spray painted on a dark gray public wall.	A person is working some artwork to honor a famous singer.	neutral
10626	A man in a deep blue shirt is touching up on his graffiti art spray painted on a dark gray public wall.	A person is holding a spray can next to a wall.	entailment
10627	A man in a deep blue shirt is touching up on his graffiti art spray painted on a dark gray public wall.	A man in a red shirt is taking pictures of a grey wall.	contradiction
10628	A young man in a red and gray shirt and blue jeans is walking outside with a cellphone in his hand.	A person is using his cell phone.	entailment
10629	A young man in a red and gray shirt and blue jeans is walking outside with a cellphone in his hand.	A woman sits next to a car.	contradiction
10630	A young man in a red and gray shirt and blue jeans is walking outside with a cellphone in his hand.	A person is talking to his mother on his cell phone.	neutral
10631	young girl and man standing in front of water fountain.	A woman and her son standing in line at the fountain.	contradiction
10632	young girl and man standing in front of water fountain.	Two people are by the fountain.	entailment
10633	young girl and man standing in front of water fountain.	Two people are by the fountain in the park.	neutral
10634	A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall	A bald man has a blue shirt.	entailment
10635	A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall	The man is committing a crime.	neutral
10636	A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall	The man has a orange shirt.	contradiction
10637	A light green sign on the stairs that says "STAI GUARDANO GRATIS IL PAVITMENTO"	There is a sign on a street.	contradiction
10638	A light green sign on the stairs that says "STAI GUARDANO GRATIS IL PAVITMENTO"	There is a sign on some stairs.	entailment
10639	A light green sign on the stairs that says "STAI GUARDANO GRATIS IL PAVITMENTO"	The sign is in a stairway.	neutral
10640	A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	A girl and lady are looking through a microscope.	entailment
10641	A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	A girl and lady are looking through a microscope and see a lot of things.	neutral
10642	A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	A girl and lady and playing in the park.	contradiction
10643	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two young women look.	entailment
10644	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	A scientist shows her friend what she just discovered with her microscope.	neutral
10645	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Three old men are observing the moon through telescopes.	contradiction
10646	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	A young lady discovered that she has a rare blood type.	neutral
10647	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two researchers didn't see anything in their microscopes.	contradiction
10648	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	A woman just discovered a highly deadly, infectious bacteria.	neutral
10649	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two old women look.	contradiction
10650	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two researchers have found something in their microscopes.	entailment
10651	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two women are eating at a buffet	contradiction
10652	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	The women are using telescopes.	entailment
10653	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	The man and woman are in an intense argument.	contradiction
10654	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two women are using individual microscopes	entailment
10655	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two researchers have founded a shocking conclusion to their research in their microscopes.	neutral
10656	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	A couple of young woman are observing something through microscopes.	entailment
10657	Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two young women happily look.	neutral
10658	A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games.	A group of people are dressed up in in black clothes and skirts.	entailment
10659	A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games.	A group of people are dressed up very well for a wedding they are going to attend.	neutral
10660	A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games.	A group of people are all wearing swimming attire.	contradiction
10661	A boy looking at a chopped log.	A boy looking at a log.	entailment
10662	A boy looking at a chopped log.	A boy looking at a chopped frog.	contradiction
10663	A boy looking at a chopped log.	A boy looking at a log they chopped for firewood.	neutral
10664	A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	Someone is dressed up for a festivity.	entailment
10665	A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	A woman is in a very large parade.	neutral
10666	A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	A woman is dressed up like a duck.	contradiction
10667	Two girls looking in microscopes.	the two girls are listening to music while in science class instead of doing their homework	contradiction
10668	Two girls looking in microscopes.	two girls are looking in microscopes	entailment
10669	Two girls looking in microscopes.	two girls are checking to see if its anaphase	neutral
10670	girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume	2 girls are sitting next to another girl wearing a costume	entailment
10671	girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume	2 girls are sitting down	neutral
10672	girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume	3 girls are playing catch	contradiction
10673	There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling.	a woman is selling children as slaves	contradiction
10674	There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling.	a woman is selling food from a cart	neutral
10675	There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling.	a woman is selling a variety of food	entailment
10676	One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.	One dog snarls at another in the snow.	entailment
10677	One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.	One lab snarls at a husky in the snow.	neutral
10678	One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.	One dog barks at another on the beach during a summer day.	contradiction
10679	Where are these people going?	People are heading to a concert.	neutral
10680	Where are these people going?	People are going somewhere.	entailment
10681	Where are these people going?	A dog and a cat are fighting.	contradiction
10682	A young woman walks down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.	A woman is sitting on a bench.	contradiction
10683	A young woman walks down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.	A woman is on the sidewalk.	entailment
10684	A young woman walks down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.	A woman is smoking Camels.	neutral
10685	Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.	4 people walking outside	entailment
10686	Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.	The clown troupe is entertaining people	neutral
10687	Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.	The street is empty	contradiction
10688	Two straight men share a hug.	two people touch one another.	entailment
10689	Two straight men share a hug.	A father and son embrace one another.	neutral
10690	Two straight men share a hug.	two guys share a kiss.	contradiction
10691	Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background.	Tall humans walking	neutral
10692	Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background.	Nobody is walking	contradiction
10693	Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background.	Humans walking	entailment
10694	Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street.	Three clowns are at a parade.	entailment
10695	Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street.	Three clowns wearing drab colors are watching a parade.	contradiction
10696	Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street.	The clowns are working at the parade.	neutral
10697	A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences.	The men are hugging.	entailment
10698	A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences.	The men are both white.	contradiction
10699	A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences.	The man is apologizing for being mean.	neutral
10700	Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	Three clowns are sleeping on the highway.	contradiction
10701	Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	There are people on the highway.	entailment
10702	Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	Three women are dressed as clowns.	neutral
10703	Two men greet each other with a hug.	Two men are fighting	contradiction
10704	Two men greet each other with a hug.	Two men see each other	entailment
10705	Two men greet each other with a hug.	The men are brothers	neutral
10706	Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.	Some people are looking at papers.	entailment
10707	Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.	Two chinese men looking at papers on a brown table.	neutral
10708	Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.	Two chinese men playing ping pong.	contradiction
10709	A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel.	The man is standing on a train track.	contradiction
10710	A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel.	The man is really a model posing or a picture.	neutral
10711	A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel.	The man is holding a landscaping tool.	entailment
10712	A furry brown squirrel eats a acorn while in a tree on a fall day.	There is a squirrel running along a power line.	contradiction
10713	A furry brown squirrel eats a acorn while in a tree on a fall day.	There is a squirrel eating an acorn he dug up after hiding it.	neutral
10714	A furry brown squirrel eats a acorn while in a tree on a fall day.	There is a squirrel eating an acorn.	entailment
10715	A family of 7 poses in the snow	A family are swimming the ocean.	contradiction
10716	A family of 7 poses in the snow	A family is posing.	entailment
10717	A family of 7 poses in the snow	A family is smiling in the deep snow.	neutral
10718	two young children playing in front of a couch	The kids are indoors.	neutral
10719	two young children playing in front of a couch	There are two kids having fun.	entailment
10720	two young children playing in front of a couch	There are no children around.	contradiction
10721	Upward view of squirrel perched on a branch with leaves in the background.	This is a view from below of a squirrel on a branch.	entailment
10722	Upward view of squirrel perched on a branch with leaves in the background.	The chipmunk in the tree is eating an apple.	contradiction
10723	Upward view of squirrel perched on a branch with leaves in the background.	The brown squirrel in the tree is near some leaves.	neutral
10724	A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves.	The squirrel sits on a branch.	entailment
10725	A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves.	The squirrel is looking for nuts.	neutral
10726	A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves.	The bird sits on the tree branch.	contradiction
10727	A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.	The squirrel is looking for nuts on the tree branch.	neutral
10728	A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.	The squirrel is on a tree.	entailment
10729	A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.	The squirrel is on the ground.	contradiction
10730	A brown squirrel sitting on a branch with an acorn during the fall.	Squirrel having a snack.	entailment
10731	A brown squirrel sitting on a branch with an acorn during the fall.	Squirrel working to find food for the winter.	neutral
10732	A brown squirrel sitting on a branch with an acorn during the fall.	Woodpecker making a new home in an oak tree.	contradiction
10733	The basketball player in white holds the ball.	The man is on a basketball court.	neutral
10734	The basketball player in white holds the ball.	The man is holding a hockey stick.	contradiction
10735	The basketball player in white holds the ball.	The man is playing basketball.	entailment
10736	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The elderly people are over the age of 18 years old.	entailment
10737	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two older people are on a date.	neutral
10738	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two older people on their lunch break.	neutral
10739	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people talking while they eat.	entailment
10740	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Jupiter seen through a telescope.	contradiction
10741	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two older people are sitting by the rock formation.	entailment
10742	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two kids eat and talk.	contradiction
10743	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The people are wearing shorts.	neutral
10744	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two young people talk and eat to old people.	neutral
10745	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The people are sitting in the church listening to the sermon on the moon.	contradiction
10746	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people are wearing light blue shirts.	neutral
10747	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people are wearing white shirts.	contradiction
10748	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people are wearing blue shirts.	entailment
10749	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The older people are sitting in the cafe.	contradiction
10750	Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two old people talk and eat.	entailment
10751	three men are playing a game of basketball	Three men play basketball.	entailment
10752	three men are playing a game of basketball	A girl plays with her Barbie.	contradiction
10753	three men are playing a game of basketball	A father and his sons play basketball.	neutral
10754	Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench.	Two women are throwing the frisbee back and forth.	contradiction
10755	Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench.	Two women are eating at the park together.	neutral
10756	Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench.	There are women sitting down.	entailment
10757	Two people eat and converse outdoors.	The individuals outside are sleeping.	contradiction
10758	Two people eat and converse outdoors.	There are individuals eating outside.	entailment
10759	Two people eat and converse outdoors.	The individuals are talking about the weather while eating.	neutral
10760	Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.	Two girls are smiling at something.	entailment
10761	Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.	Two girls are smiling at the sleeping cat on the ground.	neutral
10762	Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.	Two girls run screaming away from a snake.	contradiction
10763	Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.	Two men with bunny costumes stand on the sidewalk.	contradiction
10764	Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.	The kids are getting ready for halloween.	neutral
10765	Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.	Kids wear bear costumes are on the sidewalk.	entailment
10766	A boy dressed up as Winnie The Pooh playing with a kite.	The boy is taking a bath.	contradiction
10767	A boy dressed up as Winnie The Pooh playing with a kite.	The boy is holding the kite.	entailment
10768	A boy dressed up as Winnie The Pooh playing with a kite.	The boy has a red and blue kite.	neutral
10769	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	At least one of these individuals is in a costume.	entailment
10770	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	the boys are sitting	entailment
10771	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	They are walking around at night.	contradiction
10772	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	It is Halloween.	neutral
10773	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	A couple young boys with cartoon costumes sit outside	entailment
10774	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	They are trick or treating in their costumes.	neutral
10775	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	It is halloween	neutral
10776	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The young boys are outside during the daytime.	entailment
10777	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The two boys are wearing costumes.	entailment
10778	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	the boys are sitting insided at night	contradiction
10779	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	It is night time in this picture.	contradiction
10780	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The kids are getting ready for Halloween.	neutral
10781	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	two friends wait for halloween to start	neutral
10782	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The boys are wearing church clothes.	contradiction
10783	Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	boys playing video games	contradiction
10784	A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on.	there is a child making cookies at a camp	contradiction
10785	A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on.	the ribbons are being played with	entailment
10786	A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on.	the child is playing with the other child's toy	neutral
10787	A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby.	a man outdoors	entailment
10788	A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby.	a fireman fighting a fire	contradiction
10789	A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby.	a man selling goods	neutral
10790	A large gray statue in front of a big building.	The statue is in the sunlight.	neutral
10791	A large gray statue in front of a big building.	A statue is  front of the building.	entailment
10792	A large gray statue in front of a big building.	The people wait at the bus stop.	contradiction
10793	A Large statue in the middle of a park and in front of a large, historic building.	The park is next to a federal building.	contradiction
10794	A Large statue in the middle of a park and in front of a large, historic building.	The park is only for dogs.	neutral
10795	A Large statue in the middle of a park and in front of a large, historic building.	A large statue is in the park.	entailment
10796	Two kids in costumes sit on a concrete barrier.	Two kids are wearing costumes and sitting.	entailment
10797	Two kids in costumes sit on a concrete barrier.	Two kids are sitting in the bath tub wearing swim suits.	contradiction
10798	Two kids in costumes sit on a concrete barrier.	Two kids are waiting to go trick or treating in their costumes.	neutral
10799	A young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail.	The man is trying to take a funny picture.	neutral
10800	A young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail.	The man is having his picture taken.	entailment
10801	A young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail.	The man is wearing a swimsuit.	contradiction
10802	A young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera.	Man has a white comb	contradiction
10803	A young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera.	Man taking photos	entailment
10804	A young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera.	Man at a photo shoot	neutral
10805	People looking at street vendors clothes.	The vendors are selling shirts.	neutral
10806	People looking at street vendors clothes.	The vendors are not selling anything.	contradiction
10807	People looking at street vendors clothes.	The vendors are selling things.	entailment
10808	A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.	A person in red walks past the entrance	entailment
10809	A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.	A person in blue walks into a door.	contradiction
10810	A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.	A person in a red target vest walks past the entrance.	neutral
10811	A young black boy is playing tennis.	A young boy is playing tennis.	entailment
10812	A young black boy is playing tennis.	An old white guy is farting.	contradiction
10813	A young black boy is playing tennis.	A young black boy is playing.	neutral
10814	The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.	A boy is inside doing his homework.	contradiction
10815	The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.	The boy is outside doing a trick near the train tracks.	contradiction
10816	The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.	A boy is doing a trick just after the train passes on the railroad tracks.	neutral
10817	A boy with a striped shirt reads a book in the grass.	A shirtless boy is napping in the grass.	contradiction
10818	A boy with a striped shirt reads a book in the grass.	A boy is studying in the grass.	neutral
10819	A boy with a striped shirt reads a book in the grass.	A boy is reading.	entailment
10820	A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	Women are looking at greek statues.	neutral
10821	A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	A pack of lions is hunting tuna.	contradiction
10822	A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	People are looking at statues.	entailment
10823	A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction.	the woman is taking a picture of the statue	contradiction
10824	A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction.	the statue is of george washington	neutral
10825	A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction.	the woman is taking a picture not of the statue	entailment
10826	A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues.	The man is a photographer.	neutral
10827	A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues.	The man is at the beach surfing.	contradiction
10828	A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues.	The man is utilizing his camera to record photos.	entailment
10829	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	two professors observe a student photographer	neutral
10830	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person wearing a long brown coat is giving his camera to two other people.	contradiction
10831	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person wearing a long brown coat is standing next to two other people while he takes a picture of a building.	entailment
10832	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	two men pose in a garage	contradiction
10833	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	There's a man taking photos of a structure	entailment
10834	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Three people in an argument	contradiction
10835	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Nobody has a coat	contradiction
10836	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	The director and his crew take pictures of the scenery.	neutral
10837	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person wearing a long brown coat is standing next to two other people standing while he takes a picture of a building.	neutral
10838	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person in a coat	entailment
10839	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person in their underwear taking pictures of his surroundings.	contradiction
10840	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A tall person in a coat	neutral
10841	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	someone in a long coat shoots a building along with two others	entailment
10842	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Photographer busy at work	neutral
10843	A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Three people are standing in front of a building while one of them takes a picture.	entailment
10844	A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky.	The woman is standing up.	entailment
10845	A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky.	The woman is standing next to her friends.	neutral
10846	A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky.	The woman is sitting on the ground.	contradiction
10847	A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.	A group of people are eating at a concert.	contradiction
10848	A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.	A group of young people are dancing at a concert.	neutral
10849	A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.	A group of people are enjoying a concert.	entailment
10850	A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs.	A guy is skateboarding on the street.	contradiction
10851	A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs.	A guy is skateboarding.	entailment
10852	A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs.	A guy in a black shirt is skateboarding.	neutral
10853	girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.	There is a girl in a green shirt.	contradiction
10854	girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.	The girl is holding flowers in her hand.	neutral
10855	girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.	The girl is outside.	entailment
10856	A skateboarder flips his board over some steps in a plaza.	A skateboarder performs a trick.	entailment
10857	A skateboarder flips his board over some steps in a plaza.	A skateboarder walks across the plaza with his board in hand.	contradiction
10858	A skateboarder flips his board over some steps in a plaza.	A skateboarder does a kick flip over a few stairs.	neutral
10859	A younger man where black clothes is doing a trick on his skateboard off of steps.	Man is skating.	entailment
10860	A younger man where black clothes is doing a trick on his skateboard off of steps.	A man is practicing skateboarding tricks for an upcoming competition.	neutral
10861	A younger man where black clothes is doing a trick on his skateboard off of steps.	A man is skateboarding.	entailment
10862	Man in a blue baseball cap, gray shirt and jeans does a skateboard trick over some stairs.	The man is walking down the stairs.	contradiction
10863	Man in a blue baseball cap, gray shirt and jeans does a skateboard trick over some stairs.	The man is riding on a skateboard.	entailment
10864	Man in a blue baseball cap, gray shirt and jeans does a skateboard trick over some stairs.	Kids always do tricks on the stairs in the shopping mall.	neutral
10865	Couples and singles dancing with numbers attached to them.	There;s a dance contest.	neutral
10866	Couples and singles dancing with numbers attached to them.	People eating marshmallows.	contradiction
10867	Couples and singles dancing with numbers attached to them.	Couples and singles dancing happily.	neutral
10868	Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room.	A thin man in banquet room is wearing a suit and standing at a podium.	entailment
10869	Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room.	Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room at an over eaters meeting.	neutral
10870	Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room.	A woman is eating a huge slice of cake.	contradiction
10871	Small girl getting her face painted.	A small girl washing her face.	contradiction
10872	Small girl getting her face painted.	A small girl with paint on her face.	entailment
10873	Small girl getting her face painted.	A small girl getting a rainbow painted on her face.	neutral
10874	A man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	A business man, approached the podium, was about to give a speech.	entailment
10875	A man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	A business man was about to give a speech at the benefit dinner.	neutral
10876	A man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	Went to dinner at a restaurant the other day.	contradiction
10877	A man in a suit is about to give a speech at the podium.	There is a man on stage.	entailment
10878	A man in a suit is about to give a speech at the podium.	The man is in his office on the phone.	contradiction
10879	A man in a suit is about to give a speech at the podium.	The man is giving an acceptance speech.	neutral
10880	A man in a suit and with a name tag and red tie stands in a dining area.	A young lady serving food.	contradiction
10881	A man in a suit and with a name tag and red tie stands in a dining area.	A person standing in a dining area.	entailment
10882	A man in a suit and with a name tag and red tie stands in a dining area.	A man in a blue suit stands in dining area.	neutral
10883	A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.	A man is playing the violin.	contradiction
10884	A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.	A skinny man is practicing his speech in an empty banquet room.	neutral
10885	A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.	A skinny man is alone in a room.	entailment
10886	Two small girls are looking at seaweed that has washed up onto the shore.	they are wearing swimsuits.	neutral
10887	Two small girls are looking at seaweed that has washed up onto the shore.	they are teenage girls.	neutral
10888	Two small girls are looking at seaweed that has washed up onto the shore.	The small girls are at the beach.	entailment
10889	Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach, examining something that they have found.	Two girls on a beach are looking at shells.	neutral
10890	Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach, examining something that they have found.	Two girls on a beach are looking at tomatoes.	contradiction
10891	Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach, examining something that they have found.	Two girls on a beach are looking at something.	entailment
10892	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls pick up seashells on the beach.	entailment
10893	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls are eating some cheese.	contradiction
10894	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two girls are on the beach.	entailment
10895	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls on the beach while the sunsets in the distance	neutral
10896	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	The girls are looking for fish.	contradiction
10897	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two girls on the beach	entailment
10898	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two men walk down the beach with their dog running ahead of them	contradiction
10899	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Girls are inspecting some seashells.	entailment
10900	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls are looking for seashells for a school project.	neutral
10901	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	There are two persons on the beach	entailment
10902	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two cats chase a rabbit	contradiction
10903	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	The beach is in california.	neutral
10904	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls pick up shells and starfish on the beach.	neutral
10905	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two girls looking for the prettiest shell	neutral
10906	Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls are playing in the waves of the ocean.	contradiction
10907	There is a dance floor filled with people dancing.	Two men twirl and dip on the dance floor.	neutral
10908	There is a dance floor filled with people dancing.	A crowd marches together.	contradiction
10909	There is a dance floor filled with people dancing.	People dance across the floor.	entailment
10910	Two young girls are playing on the beach.	The girls are playing on a park bench.	contradiction
10911	Two young girls are playing on the beach.	The sun is rising as the girls play on the beach.	neutral
10912	Two young girls are playing on the beach.	There's two people on a beach.	entailment
10913	A man poses outside of some buildings.	A man is laying on a table at a doctors office.	contradiction
10914	A man poses outside of some buildings.	A man is outside.	entailment
10915	A man poses outside of some buildings.	A man is at photo shoot is modeling outside of a building.	neutral
10916	Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.	The boys are dressed in casual clothes.	contradiction
10917	Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.	The boys are fighting about a girl.	neutral
10918	Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.	The boys are fighting.	entailment
10919	A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal.	A man with dogs is waiting for a ride.	neutral
10920	A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal.	A man with is waiting for a car.	contradiction
10921	A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.	Man taking a photo	entailment
10922	A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.	Man modeling his new sunglasses for magazine	neutral
10923	A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.	Man riding a bike	contradiction
10924	A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.	A man is in the movie theatre wearing sunglasses.	contradiction
10925	A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.	A man is walking outside and is holding a pair of sunglasses for his wife on his head.	neutral
10926	A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.	A man is walking outside with a pair of sunglasses on his body.	entailment
10927	A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.	A man is tearing down signs and burning them.	contradiction
10928	A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.	A man is reading some signs.	neutral
10929	A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.	A man is standing next to a sign.	entailment
10930	A group of people sit outside playing cards.	A group is playing cards at the park	neutral
10931	A group of people sit outside playing cards.	A group is having poker night in the garage	contradiction
10932	A group of people sit outside playing cards.	A group is playing cards outside on a nice day	entailment
10933	Family members playing cards in their backyard	An elderly man is walking in the rain.	contradiction
10934	Family members playing cards in their backyard	A family is playing goldfish.	neutral
10935	Family members playing cards in their backyard	A group of people are outside.	entailment
10936	Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards.	The five people are playing tug-of-war in the muddy field.	contradiction
10937	Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards.	There are five people in this picture, all of them outside.	entailment
10938	Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards.	The five people are playing Gin Rummy, and enjoying the fresh, Spring air.	neutral
10939	Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.	They are playing high stakes poker	neutral
10940	Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.	They hold their cards as they play	entailment
10941	Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.	These three eat the table	contradiction
10942	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are swimming in the backyard pool.	contradiction
10943	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Call of duty being played by college friends.	contradiction
10944	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are near a table.	entailment
10945	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The people are friends.	neutral
10946	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Five adults are playing poker for money.	neutral
10947	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	All five are at the slot machines in the casino.	contradiction
10948	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The group is outdoors.	entailment
10949	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are eating sushi at the Japanese restaurant.	contradiction
10950	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	An outdoor card game brings people together.	entailment
10951	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Adults are sitting at a picnic table.	entailment
10952	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	There are enough seats for all players.	entailment
10953	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	There are snacks available for the players.	neutral
10954	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are near poker chips.	neutral
10955	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The people are playing BINGO.	contradiction
10956	Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Texas hold em played by friends.	neutral
10957	A man in a suit waits for the subway	they man is running to work	contradiction
10958	A man in a suit waits for the subway	he is on his way to work	neutral
10959	A man in a suit waits for the subway	the man is waiting	entailment
10960	Two little boys in tuxedos.	Two boys in swim trunks go to the beach.	contradiction
10961	Two little boys in tuxedos.	Two boys are dressed for a wedding.	neutral
10962	Two little boys in tuxedos.	Two boys are dressed up.	entailment
10963	A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.	The man is sleeping.	contradiction
10964	A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.	The man has gray hair	entailment
10965	A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.	The man walks	neutral
10966	Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.	A group of people in a subway tunnel.	entailment
10967	Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.	A group of people waiting for a train in a subway tunnel.	neutral
10968	Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.	A group of people waiting for a bus.	contradiction
10969	Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.	An older man is waiting for a train	neutral
10970	Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.	A man is wearing a suit	entailment
10971	Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.	A woman in a dress is standing with a blurry train station in the background.	contradiction
10972	Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	Woman with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	contradiction
10973	Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	sad Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	neutral
10974	Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	Person with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	entailment
10975	Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A woman is preparing to pay for her baked goods.	neutral
10976	Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A man is robbing an American bakery.	contradiction
10977	Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A woman in a bakery opens her purse.	entailment
10978	A tennis player about to serve.	The tennis player prepares to serve.	entailment
10979	A tennis player about to serve.	The tennis player returns the serve.	contradiction
10980	A tennis player about to serve.	The tennis player throws the ball in the air, preparing to thwack it.	neutral
10981	Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.	The man is a model.	neutral
10982	Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.	The woman in the kitchen has her legs stretched out.	contradiction
10983	Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.	The man in the kitchen has his arm stretched out.	entailment
10984	A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain.	The rider in the red shirt is riding his bike outdoors.	entailment
10985	A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain.	The rider in the red shirt is in a bike race.	neutral
10986	A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain.	The rider in the red shirt is falling off the bike.	contradiction
10987	Two men in suits laugh together.	The two people in suits are exchaning business cards.	contradiction
10988	Two men in suits laugh together.	The two guys are sharing a joyous moment.	entailment
10989	Two men in suits laugh together.	The two guys in suits are talking and smiling.	neutral
10990	Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.	He is on a riding his bike.	entailment
10991	Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.	He is running after his bike	contradiction
10992	Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.	He is on a riding his bike while escaping from the cop.s	neutral
10993	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man riding in a car.	contradiction
10994	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man riding a bike down a street.	neutral
10995	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	The man is not wearing any protective gear.	contradiction
10996	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man is riding a bike.	entailment
10997	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a helmet riding his mountain bike.	neutral
10998	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	The man in a helmet is outdoors.	entailment
10999	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	The man in a helmet is riding a sports bike.	neutral
11000	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man riding a bike.	entailment
11001	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a red helment is riding a bike.	neutral
11002	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A person is riding a bike down the street.	neutral
11003	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A bare-headed man is riding a bike.	contradiction
11004	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a helmet exercising.	entailment
11005	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a helmet preparing to win the tour de France.	contradiction
11006	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A woman is driving a car.	contradiction
11007	A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man is wearing a helmet and riding his bicycle.	entailment
11008	Riding a bicycle through the city.	A bike is being ridden outside.	entailment
11009	Riding a bicycle through the city.	The man is riding a bike on the street.	neutral
11010	Riding a bicycle through the city.	A bike is being ridden on a dirt path.	contradiction
11011	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	people are on a train.	entailment
11012	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	The old man picks up the train	contradiction
11013	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	people wait for a train.	neutral
11014	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	a couple is reflected in a window.	entailment
11015	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	They are going on a country vacation	neutral
11016	the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	The old man sits outside	entailment
11017	An old asian man sits on a subway train.	An Asian man is driving in his car.	contradiction
11018	An old asian man sits on a subway train.	An Asian man is on a train heading for work.	neutral
11019	An old asian man sits on a subway train.	An Asian man is on a train.	entailment
11020	Two men in business attire make conversation.	Two men in business attire talk.	entailment
11021	Two men in business attire make conversation.	Two men in Steeler jerseys make conversation.	contradiction
11022	Two men in business attire make conversation.	Two men in business attire make conversation about the weather.	neutral
11023	Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table.	The cover is blue.	contradiction
11024	Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table.	There are girls.	entailment
11025	Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table.	The cover is big.	neutral
11026	Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.	The girls are wearing pink	neutral
11027	Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.	There are no girls	contradiction
11028	Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.	There are three girls	entailment
11029	Three young children are writing on small slips of paper and leaving them in a basket.	Three young children are writing  at school.	neutral
11030	Three young children are writing on small slips of paper and leaving them in a basket.	Some children are making notes.	entailment
11031	Three young children are writing on small slips of paper and leaving them in a basket.	Three children are swimming in the pool.	contradiction
11032	Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket.	The girls are preparing for a game.	neutral
11033	Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket.	People are preparing cards.	entailment
11034	Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket.	The girls are casting ballots on whom to exile from the island.	contradiction
11035	Three young girls are at a table writing.	Three young girls are eating.	contradiction
11036	Three young girls are at a table writing.	Three young girls are wriring with crayons.	neutral
11037	Three young girls are at a table writing.	three young girls are sitting.	entailment
11038	A boy wearing a hooded sweatshirt is looking down attempting to fix a brightly colored umbrella.	A boy is out in the rain.	entailment
11039	A boy wearing a hooded sweatshirt is looking down attempting to fix a brightly colored umbrella.	A woman is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
11040	A boy wearing a hooded sweatshirt is looking down attempting to fix a brightly colored umbrella.	A boy is drenched with the rain.	neutral
11041	A woman prepares to start her moped.	The moped is pink.	contradiction
11042	A woman prepares to start her moped.	The woman is driving the moped to work.	neutral
11043	A woman prepares to start her moped.	A woman has a moped.	entailment
11044	A child having a pleasant time in a swing	A child is crying	contradiction
11045	A child having a pleasant time in a swing	A child is on a swing	entailment
11046	A child having a pleasant time in a swing	A child is playing at the park	neutral
11047	A young female swimming in a pool.	A boy swings on the monkey bars.	contradiction
11048	A young female swimming in a pool.	A girl is swimming at a swim meet.	neutral
11049	A young female swimming in a pool.	A girl is exercising.	entailment
11050	Three women and one man are posing for a picture.	Three women and one man are posing for a picture while the group watched.	neutral
11051	Three women and one man are posing for a picture.	Three man and one women are posing for a picture.	contradiction
11052	Three women and one man are posing for a picture.	Four people are posing for a picture.	entailment
11053	One man and three women pose for the camera.	A group of people gathers for a photo.	entailment
11054	One man and three women pose for the camera.	Four people are busily working on individual oil paintings in a studio.	contradiction
11055	One man and three women pose for the camera.	A bunch of friends take a picture to commemorate a special occasssion.	neutral
11056	Four people posing for a picture	People are posing for a picture.	entailment
11057	Four people posing for a picture	A group of people have a camera pointed at them.	neutral
11058	Four people posing for a picture	Four girls are posing for a picture.	neutral
11059	Four people posing for a picture	Four people are getting ready for a photo.	entailment
11060	Four people posing for a picture	People avoid having their picture made.	contradiction
11061	Four people posing for a picture	People pose from the photograph.	entailment
11062	Four people posing for a picture	People are drawing a picture.	contradiction
11063	Four people posing for a picture	Four people are taking pictures of eachother.	contradiction
11064	Four people posing for a picture	the people are women	neutral
11065	Four people posing for a picture	people taking pictures	entailment
11066	Four people posing for a picture	People are posing for a professional photographer.	neutral
11067	Four people posing for a picture	the women are cooking at the wedding	contradiction
11068	Four people posing for a picture	Four people have their picture taken together.	entailment
11069	Four people posing for a picture	There are 9 people in the picture.	contradiction
11070	Four people posing for a picture	Four friends have their picture taken together.	neutral
11071	Four people are posing outside.	The people are inside.	contradiction
11072	Four people are posing outside.	People are outside.	entailment
11073	Four people are posing outside.	People are standing outside with cameras.	neutral
11074	A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard.	A boy rides a bicycle.	contradiction
11075	A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard.	A boy uses a swing.	entailment
11076	A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard.	A boy uses a swing at a play area.	neutral
11077	A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool.	There is no water in the pool.	contradiction
11078	A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool.	The person is in the pool.	entailment
11079	A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool.	The girl loves to swim.	neutral
11080	A swimmer is racing to win an event.	There is no water in the scene.	contradiction
11081	A swimmer is racing to win an event.	This is swimming event.	entailment
11082	A swimmer is racing to win an event.	The swimmer is winning.	neutral
11083	A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill	a person doing a leap	entailment
11084	A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill	the person is a girl	neutral
11085	A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill	the person is walking	contradiction
11086	Three construction workers are working to plant grass.	Three contsruction workers are planting trees.	contradiction
11087	Three construction workers are working to plant grass.	The construction workers are outside.	entailment
11088	Three construction workers are working to plant grass.	The three construction workers are men.	neutral
11089	A man tries to fix a colorful object.	A man tries to fix an object.	entailment
11090	A man tries to fix a colorful object.	A man tries to fix a colorful ball.	neutral
11091	A man tries to fix a colorful object.	A man tries to break a colorful object.	contradiction
11092	An elderly woman, and two young men talking on a bus.	A grandma is talking to her grandsons on a bus.	neutral
11093	An elderly woman, and two young men talking on a bus.	Three people are on the bus.	entailment
11094	An elderly woman, and two young men talking on a bus.	Three people are driving in a minivan.	contradiction
11095	A gentleman witnessing to the public.	The gentleman is in public.	entailment
11096	A gentleman witnessing to the public.	The gentleman is a female.	contradiction
11097	A gentleman witnessing to the public.	Everyone loves the man's company.	neutral
11098	A man in a blue shirt is talking to a woman on a bus.	A man is swimming in a pool.	contradiction
11099	A man in a blue shirt is talking to a woman on a bus.	A man is on a bus on his way to work.	neutral
11100	A man in a blue shirt is talking to a woman on a bus.	A man is in a vehicle.	entailment
11101	Man holding religious sign and bible next to a pillar.	The protesting man with the religious sign and bible is next to that pillar.	neutral
11102	Man holding religious sign and bible next to a pillar.	A man holding a religious sign and a dictionary is next to a pillar.	contradiction
11103	Man holding religious sign and bible next to a pillar.	The man holding the religious sign and bible is next to a pillar.	entailment
11104	Three people chat on a bus.	There are people on a bus.	entailment
11105	Three people chat on a bus.	Three people chat about sports on a bus.	neutral
11106	Three people chat on a bus.	Three people walk through a forest.	contradiction
11107	Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads "Repent. Jesus Christ will judge the world."	A man is holding a sign.	entailment
11108	Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads "Repent. Jesus Christ will judge the world."	A street preacher is in the city.	neutral
11109	Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads "Repent. Jesus Christ will judge the world."	A man reads the Qu'ran.	contradiction
11110	Man outside building holds a sign warning others to repent.	A older bald man waves a sign furiously at bored looking on goers.	neutral
11111	Man outside building holds a sign warning others to repent.	A man is wearing a sign advertising where to get your taxes done with a sign.	contradiction
11112	Man outside building holds a sign warning others to repent.	A man is outside warning people that god is watching them.	entailment
11113	A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.	A surfer hit a large wave and almost fell over.	neutral
11114	A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.	A surfer hit a big wave and got showered.	entailment
11115	A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.	A shark attacked a surfer.	contradiction
11116	Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.	Woman jumps over a ramp.	neutral
11117	Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.	Rollerblader rests on top of a ramp.	contradiction
11118	Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.	Rollerblader off the ground above a ramp.	entailment
11119	A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.	A rollerblader is in the xgames	neutral
11120	A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.	A rollerblader is doing a trick in the air	entailment
11121	A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.	A figure skater is laying on the ice	contradiction
11122	Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.	the boys are competing against each other	neutral
11123	Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.	the girls were surfing	contradiction
11124	Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.	the boys are on the ramp	entailment
11125	Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.	The boarder in black stuck a midair pose.	entailment
11126	Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.	The kid had on a black shirt.	neutral
11127	Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.	The boarder in red struck a pose.	contradiction
11128	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is surfing	entailment
11129	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is dead	contradiction
11130	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is in balck	entailment
11131	A blond girl in a green patterned shirt has her hand raised.	The girl is at a dance party.	contradiction
11132	A blond girl in a green patterned shirt has her hand raised.	The girl is waiting to be called on.	entailment
11133	A blond girl in a green patterned shirt has her hand raised.	The girl is in a classroom.	neutral
11134	A woman smiling while raising her right hand.	The grumpy man left the building.	contradiction
11135	A woman smiling while raising her right hand.	A happy woman was trying to get someone's attention.	entailment
11136	A woman smiling while raising her right hand.	Someone was trying to get access.	neutral
11137	A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.	A woman in a black dress sits down angry.	contradiction
11138	A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.	A woman in a room smiles at a joke.	neutral
11139	A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.	A person in a room smiles.	entailment
11140	Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab.	Three women are gardening.	contradiction
11141	Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab.	Three men are landscaping a yard.	neutral
11142	Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab.	Three men are working outside.	entailment
11143	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	There is a person in the water	entailment
11144	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	The surfer is sunbathing on the beach	contradiction
11145	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	The surfer is in a competition.	neutral
11146	A woman in short hair is raising her hand.	A woman stretching	neutral
11147	A woman in short hair is raising her hand.	A women doing jumping jacks	contradiction
11148	A woman in short hair is raising her hand.	A women raising her hand	entailment
11149	Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.	Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets with school logos on them.	neutral
11150	Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.	Two women and a man are all happy.	entailment
11151	Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.	Some people are are smiling because their black jackets are uncomfortable.	contradiction
11152	Four large bags are tied onto a white car.	There is are large bags on a car.	entailment
11153	Four large bags are tied onto a white car.	There are camping bags on a car.	neutral
11154	Four large bags are tied onto a white car.	There are large bags on top of a blue car.	contradiction
11155	two young male kids carrying black bowls.	The two kids are putting up dishes.	neutral
11156	two young male kids carrying black bowls.	The two kids are females.	contradiction
11157	two young male kids carrying black bowls.	the two kids are inside.	entailment
11158	Two people window shop for clothing.	Two people try on clothes in a store.	contradiction
11159	Two people window shop for clothing.	Two people window shop.	entailment
11160	Two people window shop for clothing.	Two people look at clothes through windows at the mall stores.	neutral
11161	A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman is drying her socks.	neutral
11162	A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman is entering the holodeck.	contradiction
11163	A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman hanging socks.	entailment
11164	A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin.	A couple is looking at a man dressing the mannequin.	entailment
11165	A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin.	A man is dressing the mannequin in the finest clothing available.	neutral
11166	A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin.	A cat is chasing a dog through a street.	contradiction
11167	Two people, wearing jackets, are watching a man set up a window display in a store.	People outside, waiting for the bus.	neutral
11168	Two people, wearing jackets, are watching a man set up a window display in a store.	Two people are sitting down enjoying lunch.	contradiction
11169	Two people, wearing jackets, are watching a man set up a window display in a store.	People observing a man put a display up in the window.	entailment
11170	Two people looking at clothes in a shop window.	The people walk inside the shop.	contradiction
11171	Two people looking at clothes in a shop window.	Some people are looking at clothes at the store.	entailment
11172	Two people looking at clothes in a shop window.	The people are only window shopping.	neutral
11173	A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.	The clothes are drying.	neutral
11174	A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.	There are no clothes.	contradiction
11175	A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.	Some clothes are outside.	entailment
11176	A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen, holding the top edge of the metal structure, with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg.	A man relaxes after a big rush at his restaurant.	neutral
11177	A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen, holding the top edge of the metal structure, with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg.	A man standing in an industrial kitchen.	entailment
11178	A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen, holding the top edge of the metal structure, with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg.	A man in all black stands in an industrial kitchen.	contradiction
11179	a man standing next to an oddly designed bike	A man is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
11180	a man standing next to an oddly designed bike	A man is standing next to a bike he designed.	neutral
11181	a man standing next to an oddly designed bike	A man is standing next to a bike.	entailment
11182	A man stands near a bicycle taxi while many people wander the city streets.	The man was waiting get inside the bicycle taxi	neutral
11183	A man stands near a bicycle taxi while many people wander the city streets.	A man stands near a bicycle taxy while many people wander the city streets	entailment
11184	A man stands near a bicycle taxi while many people wander the city streets.	The man was watching tv	contradiction
11185	A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete! on the road.	The bike has two wheels	contradiction
11186	A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete! on the road.	The bike is blue	neutral
11187	A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete! on the road.	The bike has three wheels	entailment
11188	A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.	The cab is not in use.	neutral
11189	A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.	The cab is parked in a garage.	contradiction
11190	A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.	The french bike cab is sitting outdoors.	entailment
11191	A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches.	A little toddler tries to hit the pinata with a stick.	contradiction
11192	A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches.	People are playing at a birthday party.	neutral
11193	A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches.	A man tries to strike a pinata.	entailment
11194	A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.	The man is looking at a phone	contradiction
11195	A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.	The man is examining a broken mug	entailment
11196	A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.	THe man broke the mug	neutral
11197	A ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women.	A ballet company preparing for a show.	neutral
11198	A ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women.	A break dancing team.	contradiction
11199	A ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women.	A mixed gender ballet company.	entailment
11200	an older white male with an axe staring at a daffy duck coffee mug.	The old man is looking at the mug.	entailment
11201	an older white male with an axe staring at a daffy duck coffee mug.	The old man has a crush on Daffy Duck.	neutral
11202	an older white male with an axe staring at a daffy duck coffee mug.	The old man has actually been dead for ten years.	contradiction
11203	A man in sunglasses sits at on an outdoor table and holds up an ax.	the woman is at the mall	contradiction
11204	A man in sunglasses sits at on an outdoor table and holds up an ax.	the man is a lumberjack	neutral
11205	A man in sunglasses sits at on an outdoor table and holds up an ax.	the man is sitting	entailment
11206	A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck.	The man is swimming.	contradiction
11207	A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck.	The man is holding a weapon.	entailment
11208	A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck.	The man is destroying the bust.	neutral
11209	A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.	The man is celebrating his birthday.	neutral
11210	A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.	A man is preparing to hit a pinata.	entailment
11211	A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.	A blindfolded woman aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind her.	contradiction
11212	Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.	the women are asleep	contradiction
11213	Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.	the women are hot	neutral
11214	Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.	two women are seated	entailment
11215	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountains with a thick layer of fog.	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountain as he touches the snow	neutral
11216	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountains with a thick layer of fog.	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is outside in the cold	entailment
11217	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountains with a thick layer of fog.	A man is dressed in shorts and a t-shirt and hiking up the mountain	contradiction
11218	Three men are standing together.	Three friends are laughing and talking together.	neutral
11219	Three men are standing together.	There are men in close proximity.	entailment
11220	Three men are standing together.	Three women are sitting on the ground.	contradiction
11221	A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.	The driver is in a vehicle with two wheels.	entailment
11222	A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.	The bike is black.	neutral
11223	A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.	The vehicle has four doors.	contradiction
11224	A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.	A cyclist driving a yellow motorcycle.	entailment
11225	A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.	A yellow motorcycle is speeding.	neutral
11226	A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.	A yellow motorcycle is parked near a building.	contradiction
11227	A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.	The man's outfit is the same color as his motorcycle.	entailment
11228	A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.	The man is driving a bus.	contradiction
11229	A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.	The man is an experienced rider.	neutral
11230	A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.	A human in a jacket.	entailment
11231	A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.	Nobody has a jacket.	contradiction
11232	A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.	A human in a big jacket.	neutral
11233	Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage.	The man and woman are performing a ballet on the stage.	entailment
11234	Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage.	The man and woman are running a marathon.	contradiction
11235	Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage.	The man and woman are performing a ballet as part of a competition.	neutral
11236	A motorcyclist in yellow.	A motorcyclist wearing blue.	contradiction
11237	A motorcyclist in yellow.	A motorcyclist is wearing yellow.	entailment
11238	A motorcyclist in yellow.	A motorcyclist riding his/her motorcycle.	neutral
11239	Four people and a child walking in the street.	Five people are outside.	entailment
11240	Four people and a child walking in the street.	The family is enjoying the World's Fair.	neutral
11241	Four people and a child walking in the street.	The group is standing in strip club.	contradiction
11242	Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.	Two people addressing a gathered crowd.	neutral
11243	Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.	Three people watch a bird flying.	contradiction
11244	Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.	Two people speaking into a megaphone.	entailment
11245	A group of people with red berets and one man in the front with gray hair and glasses.	The man wearing glasses is in front of a group of people in red berets.	entailment
11246	A group of people with red berets and one man in the front with gray hair and glasses.	A group of people is being led by a gray haired man.	neutral
11247	A group of people with red berets and one man in the front with gray hair and glasses.	The people are wearing orange berets.	contradiction
11248	Blond lady looks at Space Needle	A blonde woman looking at a tall building.	entailment
11249	Blond lady looks at Space Needle	A pink haired woman stripping for an audience.	contradiction
11250	Blond lady looks at Space Needle	A blonde woman pondering architecture techniques.	neutral
11251	Men at a gathering together wearing orange berets.	Men are wearing headwear.	entailment
11252	Men at a gathering together wearing orange berets.	Men are dressed entirely in black.	contradiction
11253	Men at a gathering together wearing orange berets.	Men are wearing uniforms.	neutral
11254	Men wearing red hats and blue suits.	Men are wearing blue suits.	entailment
11255	Men wearing red hats and blue suits.	Men are wearing flip flops with their suits.	neutral
11256	Men wearing red hats and blue suits.	Men are naked.	contradiction
11257	Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent.	Two young people have blue shirts.	entailment
11258	Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent.	Two young people have white shirts.	contradiction
11259	Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent.	Two young people have light blue shirts.	neutral
11260	A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.	A girl was in Seattle.	entailment
11261	A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.	The girl was with her boyfriend admiring the view.	neutral
11262	A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.	The girl was stuck at school all day.	contradiction
11263	three men are having a discussion.	Three men are swimming in a pool	contradiction
11264	three men are having a discussion.	Some men are playing a game of cards while chatting.	neutral
11265	three men are having a discussion.	Some people are talking to each other.	entailment
11266	women sitting on bench in large sombreros.	Some women are eating tacos	neutral
11267	women sitting on bench in large sombreros.	The women are running around.	contradiction
11268	women sitting on bench in large sombreros.	Some women are sitting	entailment
11269	A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.	The women have hats on their heads.	entailment
11270	A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.	The women are wearing dresses.	neutral
11271	A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.	The women are swinging on the swing set.	contradiction
11272	Six women are sitting on a brick bench and wearing purple and matching red and blue hats.	Six women playing a game of scrabble with one another at a dinning hall.	contradiction
11273	Six women are sitting on a brick bench and wearing purple and matching red and blue hats.	Six women sitting near a brick bench wearing purple and wearing matching red and blue hats at a meeting.	entailment
11274	Six women are sitting on a brick bench and wearing purple and matching red and blue hats.	Six women sitting near a brick bench wearing purple and wearing matching red and blue hats outside.	neutral
11275	Six older ladies, wearing matching red and purple hats, sit outside on a bench made from brick.	Old men go to the baseball game.	contradiction
11276	Six older ladies, wearing matching red and purple hats, sit outside on a bench made from brick.	Older women are sitting outside on a bench.	entailment
11277	Six older ladies, wearing matching red and purple hats, sit outside on a bench made from brick.	The old women have been friends for years.	neutral
11278	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, relaxing.	entailment
11279	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of elderly woman wearing a particular pattern of clothing are sitting on a brick bench	entailment
11280	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The women are waiting for the start of a traditional Mexican parade.	neutral
11281	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	There are women running down the street.	contradiction
11282	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of women are standing in a circle.	contradiction
11283	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The elephants are going the Cha Cha.	contradiction
11284	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The ladies are all part of a particular group	neutral
11285	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The women are sitting together.	entailment
11286	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of older women are gathered on a bench.	entailment
11287	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	All the ladies are standing around wearing dull clothing.	contradiction
11288	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of older women are conversing on a bench.	neutral
11289	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The women are having a Mexican Party.	neutral
11290	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting outside.	neutral
11291	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	There are women sitting on a bench.	entailment
11292	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a concrete bench.	contradiction
11293	Two boys shoveling in melted snow.	Two boys are having a snowball fight.	contradiction
11294	Two boys shoveling in melted snow.	Two boys are shoveling snow to clear the driveway.	neutral
11295	Two boys shoveling in melted snow.	Two boys are shoveling snow.	entailment
11296	A asian male rides a bike in the streets of a large brightly lit city.	A asian man rides his bike.	entailment
11297	A asian male rides a bike in the streets of a large brightly lit city.	An asian man rides his bike home after work.	neutral
11298	A asian male rides a bike in the streets of a large brightly lit city.	A black male walks through the ghetto.	contradiction
11299	A man prepares fish at an Asian seafood market.	A group of people are rioting on the street.	contradiction
11300	A man prepares fish at an Asian seafood market.	A fisherman cleans his fish in a store.	neutral
11301	A man prepares fish at an Asian seafood market.	A man works with fish at the market.	entailment
11302	An Asian fish market with fish being cut up for sale.	Fish are being sold.	entailment
11303	An Asian fish market with fish being cut up for sale.	The fisherman lands a marlin.	contradiction
11304	An Asian fish market with fish being cut up for sale.	Fresh fish are readied for restaurant buyers.	neutral
11305	Customers buy cut raw fish at the market.	People are buying chicken.	contradiction
11306	Customers buy cut raw fish at the market.	People are buying fish.	entailment
11307	Customers buy cut raw fish at the market.	People are buying fish for dinner.	neutral
11308	A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.	A child is sprayed with water.	entailment
11309	A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.	The child enjoys the water.	neutral
11310	A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.	A woman sprays herself with the hose.	contradiction
11311	A swimmer playing in the surf watches a low flying airplane headed inland.	The swimmer enjoys his swimming by the airport.	neutral
11312	A swimmer playing in the surf watches a low flying airplane headed inland.	There is someone swimming in the sea.	entailment
11313	A swimmer playing in the surf watches a low flying airplane headed inland.	The plane is going to crash into the swimmer.	contradiction
11314	A group of several people are attending an event.	The people are in separate locations.	contradiction
11315	A group of several people are attending an event.	The people are together.	entailment
11316	A group of several people are attending an event.	The people are having fun.	neutral
11317	Children in white shirts are at school.	Children are wearing white shirts at school.	entailment
11318	Children in white shirts are at school.	Adults are wearing black shirts at church.	contradiction
11319	Children in white shirts are at school.	Children are wearing white shirts at Catholic school.	neutral
11320	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman goes to bar for the first time	neutral
11321	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	the man is a goat	contradiction
11322	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women stand at a bar with light cabinets and bare walls.	contradiction
11323	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman hanging out at a bar	neutral
11324	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women at a bar	entailment
11325	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women drink moodily, tired from the day's labor.	neutral
11326	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women are enjoying their time at the new bar that just opened up.	neutral
11327	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Worlds longest toenails on display	contradiction
11328	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women are sitting at a bar.	entailment
11329	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman eats at local resturaunt	entailment
11330	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	A bar with wall-menus seats several women.	entailment
11331	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	a woman is sitting	entailment
11332	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	the woman is white	neutral
11333	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women are at the beach.	contradiction
11334	Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman at a bar table	contradiction
11335	A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.	Woman speaking to someone with a similar dress	entailment
11336	A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.	Two woman ripping off their clothes	contradiction
11337	A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.	Two women discussing where they shopped for their dress	neutral
11338	Two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug.	Two women are standing oustide talking.	entailment
11339	Two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug.	Two women are discussing the weather.	neutral
11340	Two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug.	Two women are going to board a plane.	contradiction
11341	Two women in dresses are standing across from each other.	The women have legs.	entailment
11342	Two women in dresses are standing across from each other.	The women are looking at eachother.	neutral
11343	Two women in dresses are standing across from each other.	The women are running.	contradiction
11344	Two women wearing dresses white drinking tea.	Two women are drinking tea.	entailment
11345	Two women wearing dresses white drinking tea.	Two women are drinking green tea.	neutral
11346	Two women wearing dresses white drinking tea.	Two men are playing cards.	contradiction
11347	A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.	The man is sitting inside a coffee shop.	contradiction
11348	A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.	The man is visiting the Atlantic Ocean.	neutral
11349	A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.	The man is walking outdoors.	entailment
11350	a black woman is talking to three young men.	A white women is yelling at three young girls.	contradiction
11351	a black woman is talking to three young men.	A colored lady is talking to a group of men.	entailment
11352	a black woman is talking to three young men.	A black women is talking to three young Chinese guys.	neutral
11353	A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.	The woman in the store is not looking at the camera.	entailment
11354	A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.	A woman is shopping in a store for groceries.	neutral
11355	A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.	The woman in the store is looking at the camera.	contradiction
11356	A girl talks to three teenage boys.	A boy talks to three teenage boys.	contradiction
11357	A girl talks to three teenage boys.	A sad girl talks to three teenage boys.	neutral
11358	A girl talks to three teenage boys.	A person talks to three teenage boys.	entailment
11359	Two women sitting at the bar having drinks.	A couple of women having drinks.	entailment
11360	Two women sitting at the bar having drinks.	Two women drinking beer.	neutral
11361	Two women sitting at the bar having drinks.	Two men drinking smoothies at Starbucks.	contradiction
11362	A few black guys talking to a girl.	Some men were speaking with a woman.	entailment
11363	A few black guys talking to a girl.	Some people were at the hockey rink.	contradiction
11364	A few black guys talking to a girl.	Some men were talking about football with a girl.	neutral
11365	Old car driving down the road.	The vehicle is old and on a stree5t.	entailment
11366	Old car driving down the road.	The car is out on the road.	neutral
11367	Old car driving down the road.	The new car is racing down the street .	contradiction
11368	A man in a white shirt is photographing a blond woman who is wearing a red and white dress.	The woman is a fashion model.	neutral
11369	A man in a white shirt is photographing a blond woman who is wearing a red and white dress.	A blonde woman in a dress is being photographed.	entailment
11370	A man in a white shirt is photographing a blond woman who is wearing a red and white dress.	The woman is wearing a pant suit.	contradiction
11371	A man in a helmet is working on a building's window.	Someone is working on a window.	entailment
11372	A man in a helmet is working on a building's window.	A man in a helmet is working on a building's foundation.	contradiction
11373	A man in a helmet is working on a building's window.	A man repairing a window broken by a baseball.	neutral
11374	A woman with blond-hair wearing a red and white dress with a black belt and boots modeling for photographers in the street.	Nobody is taking photographs.	contradiction
11375	A woman with blond-hair wearing a red and white dress with a black belt and boots modeling for photographers in the street.	Someone is wearing a dress.	entailment
11376	A woman with blond-hair wearing a red and white dress with a black belt and boots modeling for photographers in the street.	Someone is wearing black boots.	neutral
11377	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and woman are sitting on a blanket at a park.	contradiction
11378	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is sitting down.	contradiction
11379	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and woman are standing next to each other.	entailment
11380	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	People are surfing the waves in the ocean.	contradiction
11381	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is sitting at a cafe table on the sidewalk.	contradiction
11382	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A couple is waiting in line to get into the building.	neutral
11383	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is bald.	neutral
11384	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is on a date with a man.	neutral
11385	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is standing next to a man.	entailment
11386	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is with a man.	entailment
11387	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	They have never met each other, and she is not sure whether to talk to him or not.	neutral
11388	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and woman are standing together at a ball.	neutral
11389	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and a women wearing clothes stand near eachother.	entailment
11390	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman and man are seeing each other from afar.	contradiction
11391	A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man is dressed in multiple hues.	entailment
11392	A man in blue cap is holding the net.	The net belongs to the man	neutral
11393	A man in blue cap is holding the net.	A man is playing basketball	contradiction
11394	A man in blue cap is holding the net.	A man is wearing a blue cap	entailment
11395	A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net.	A man takes a nap on a park bench.	contradiction
11396	A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net.	A man holds up a fishing net.	entailment
11397	A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net.	A man is excited about all of the fish in his net.	neutral
11398	A man in a blue hat standing with a large net in his hand.	A man is wearing a blue hat.	entailment
11399	A man in a blue hat standing with a large net in his hand.	A man is wearing a yellow hat.	contradiction
11400	A man in a blue hat standing with a large net in his hand.	A man is fishing.	neutral
11401	A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.	A man is standing near a river.	neutral
11402	A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.	A man is playing basketball.	contradiction
11403	A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
11404	A group of women dressed for roller derby are standing and sitting in a group.	Roller derby team is congregating together.	entailment
11405	A group of women dressed for roller derby are standing and sitting in a group.	The roller derby team is dancing.	contradiction
11406	A group of women dressed for roller derby are standing and sitting in a group.	The roller derby team is planning game strategy.	neutral
11407	A photographer is taking photos of flowers.	A photographer has decided to never take another photo.	contradiction
11408	A photographer is taking photos of flowers.	A photographer is crafting his next book.	neutral
11409	A photographer is taking photos of flowers.	A photographer is taking photos of nature.	entailment
11410	Several girls are having a discussion after rollerskating.	Several girl monkeys are having a discussion	contradiction
11411	Several girls are having a discussion after rollerskating.	Several girls are having a loud discussion	neutral
11412	Several girls are having a discussion after rollerskating.	Several girls are having a discussion	entailment
11413	Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation.	Female rollerskaters in pink talk.	neutral
11414	Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation.	Female rollerskaters talk.	entailment
11415	Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation.	Male rollerskaters in pink talk.	contradiction
11416	A brunette photographer is kneeling down to take a photo.	The photographer is taking a picture of a child.	neutral
11417	A brunette photographer is kneeling down to take a photo.	The woman has a camera.	entailment
11418	A brunette photographer is kneeling down to take a photo.	A photographer is taking a nap.	contradiction
11419	Three children pose outdoors on a hike.	Children go on their first big hike.	neutral
11420	Three children pose outdoors on a hike.	Children are outdoors.	entailment
11421	Three children pose outdoors on a hike.	Children play Xbox .	contradiction
11422	A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of plants.	neutral
11423	A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	A man leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	contradiction
11424	A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	A woman leans over a rail to get a photograph.	entailment
11425	Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms.	The woman is not moving a muscle.	contradiction
11426	Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms.	The woman is deaf.	neutral
11427	Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms.	The woman is moving her arms.	entailment
11428	A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.	A man standing in a commercial kitchen.	entailment
11429	A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.	A man is making a bed.	contradiction
11430	A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.	A man is in the room.	neutral
11431	A lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street.	Two lovers take time out of the busy day.	neutral
11432	A lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street.	Two women are kissing in a street	entailment
11433	A lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street.	A deer is running through an open field	contradiction
11434	A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace.	A gray dog sleeps in the sun.	contradiction
11435	A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace.	a gray dog fetches the ball.	neutral
11436	A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace.	A gray dog runs outside.	entailment
11437	Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.	A woman is jogging in the forest.	contradiction
11438	Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.	Two people are racing on their motorcycles.	neutral
11439	Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.	Two people are outside.	entailment
11440	An old Ford passes through the street.	An automobile drives down the road	entailment
11441	An old Ford passes through the street.	A new BMW races down the highway	contradiction
11442	An old Ford passes through the street.	An old Ford F-150 makes its way down the road	neutral
11443	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	The lady in the pink jacket is in her car.	contradiction
11444	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	The lady in the pink jacket is outside.	entailment
11445	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	The lady in the pink jacket is looking for a dog.	neutral
11446	Ladies standing up on the side of a board for the Tuscany Sun Festival.	the ladies are laying on the beach	contradiction
11447	Ladies standing up on the side of a board for the Tuscany Sun Festival.	ladies are standing	entailment
11448	Ladies standing up on the side of a board for the Tuscany Sun Festival.	the ladies are hot	neutral
11449	Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	The kids are checking out a sea anemone.	neutral
11450	Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	The tide flats are being visited by some kids.	entailment
11451	Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	The adults are finding oysters.	contradiction
11452	A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them.	There are two little boys.	contradiction
11453	A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them.	The people are outside.	entailment
11454	A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them.	The people on the bench are a family.	neutral
11455	Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.	The young man is eating juicy strawberries.	neutral
11456	Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.	They are all dressed in white.	contradiction
11457	Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.	There are three people.	entailment
11458	Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.	Three people wearing ski masks rob a bank.	contradiction
11459	Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.	Three people wearing dark makeup stand at the club.	neutral
11460	Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.	Three people wearing makeup stand together	entailment
11461	Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.	The two women are asleep.	contradiction
11462	Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.	The two women are goths.	neutral
11463	Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.	The two women are with a man.	entailment
11464	Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.	The people are standing.	entailment
11465	Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.	A male vampire who has recently fed standing with his concubines.	neutral
11466	Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.	Three people playing golf.	contradiction
11467	Two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk.	They are getting their picture taken.	entailment
11468	Two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk.	They are in a cave.	contradiction
11469	Two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk.	They are outside taking pictures.	neutral
11470	A man and 2 women in dark clothing.	The man and 2 women are in bright yellow shirts.	contradiction
11471	A man and 2 women in dark clothing.	The man and 2 women have on matching dark clothing.	neutral
11472	A man and 2 women in dark clothing.	The man and 2 women have on clothes.	entailment
11473	A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.	A woman walks on the sidewalk.	contradiction
11474	A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.	A woman crosses the road.	entailment
11475	A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.	A woman crosses the road on the way to work.	neutral
11476	A city street scene with the backs of a woman crossing the street and a bicyclist.	there was an accident, a female and a bicyclist identified	entailment
11477	A city street scene with the backs of a woman crossing the street and a bicyclist.	female took lift from bicyclist	contradiction
11478	A city street scene with the backs of a woman crossing the street and a bicyclist.	police officer was there	neutral
11479	A woman in a blue and white polka dotted dress is crossing the street in a busy city.	The woman is clothed.	entailment
11480	A woman in a blue and white polka dotted dress is crossing the street in a busy city.	The woman is asleep.	contradiction
11481	A woman in a blue and white polka dotted dress is crossing the street in a busy city.	The woman is going to work.	neutral
11482	A woman in blue dress in crossing the street while a person in bright yellow is riding their bike down it.	The woman is old	neutral
11483	A woman in blue dress in crossing the street while a person in bright yellow is riding their bike down it.	The woman is in blue	entailment
11484	A woman in blue dress in crossing the street while a person in bright yellow is riding their bike down it.	The woman is naked	contradiction
11485	Pedestrians busy walking and shopping.	One person is walking on an empty sidewalk.	contradiction
11486	Pedestrians busy walking and shopping.	People are moving by foot.	entailment
11487	Pedestrians busy walking and shopping.	Pedestrians are shopping at an outdoor mall.	neutral
11488	A man in a kilt is tossing a large pole while other men in kilts watch on the side.	A bunch of people in Ireland are wearing kilts.	neutral
11489	A man in a kilt is tossing a large pole while other men in kilts watch on the side.	A bunch of men wearing shorts are tossing poles.	contradiction
11490	A man in a kilt is tossing a large pole while other men in kilts watch on the side.	A bunch of men are wearing kilts.	entailment
11491	A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching.	The man is very strong.	neutral
11492	A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching.	The man is alone cutting his lawn.	contradiction
11493	A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching.	The man is throwing logs.	entailment
11494	A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.	a man is standing near the men chatting	contradiction
11495	A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.	a man with colored clothes is watching others	neutral
11496	A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.	a man sitting near sidelines	entailment
11497	A man in a kilt tossing a log outside in front of some trees and bales of hay while many people look on, 7 of which are in front of a safety line, one obscured by the tosser and 3 with kilts.	The man in the kilt owns a cattle farm.	neutral
11498	A man in a kilt tossing a log outside in front of some trees and bales of hay while many people look on, 7 of which are in front of a safety line, one obscured by the tosser and 3 with kilts.	People watch as a man in a kilt tosses bales of hay.	entailment
11499	A man in a kilt tossing a log outside in front of some trees and bales of hay while many people look on, 7 of which are in front of a safety line, one obscured by the tosser and 3 with kilts.	The man is wearing green cargo pants.	contradiction
11500	A couple is sitting on a bench.	They are near each other.	entailment
11501	A couple is sitting on a bench.	They are outside.	neutral
11502	A couple is sitting on a bench.	They are running around.	contradiction
11503	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman giving a cup of water to a homeless man	neutral
11504	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A female cashier serving a man his coffee.	neutral
11505	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	Two people are on opposite sides of a newspaper box and a shopping cart and one hands the other a white cup.	entailment
11506	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A person is playing the piano.	contradiction
11507	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman is handing a cup to a man.	entailment
11508	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman gives a knife to her mother	contradiction
11509	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman gives a cup to a guy to drink out of	neutral
11510	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman gives a cup to a guy.	entailment
11511	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A lady handing a man a coffee.	entailment
11512	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman is handing a cup of coffee to a man.	neutral
11513	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman giving a cup to a man	entailment
11514	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A man handing a woman a coffee.	contradiction
11515	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman is drinking a cup of tea.	contradiction
11516	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman is offering the man a ride	contradiction
11517	A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman hands a man a cup of coffee.	neutral
11518	Two children on the beach.	Two kids are racing towards the water at a beach.	neutral
11519	Two children on the beach.	two kids are running through an obstacle course at school.	contradiction
11520	Two children on the beach.	A pair of kids are out on some sand.	entailment
11521	A woman and boy playing on a beach.	A woman and a boy playing outside.	entailment
11522	A woman and boy playing on a beach.	A woman and a boy playing near water.	neutral
11523	A woman and boy playing on a beach.	A woman and a boy playing inside their house.	contradiction
11524	Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.	Some children are outdoors.	entailment
11525	Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.	There is no water.	contradiction
11526	Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.	The children are excited.	neutral
11527	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A child and grow up playing by the ocean	entailment
11528	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Father and child eating ice cream	contradiction
11529	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Nobody has a hat	contradiction
11530	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Some humans with hats	entailment
11531	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A boy and his mother play by the ocean.	neutral
11532	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two people play by the ocean.	entailment
11533	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two adults walk along the highway.	contradiction
11534	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A child and a grownup celebrate a birthday by the ocean.	neutral
11535	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two people play by the water.	entailment
11536	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A child and grown up, wearing hats, play in the field.	contradiction
11537	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A mom and son are playing by the ocean.	neutral
11538	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two adults are playing in the ocean.	contradiction
11539	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A kid and a grownup are playing by the ocean.	entailment
11540	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A tall person with a hat	neutral
11541	A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Father and child playing near ocean	neutral
11542	A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.	A young boy is standing next to a young girl in the sand at the beach.	entailment
11543	A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.	Some kids are standing on sands at the ocean.	neutral
11544	A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.	Some birds are flying in the clear sky.	contradiction
11545	A lady with a green shirt and tan shorts is picking out strawberries and putting them in a plastic bag.	A lady in shirt and shorts picks strawberries and puts them in a bag	entailment
11546	A lady with a green shirt and tan shorts is picking out strawberries and putting them in a plastic bag.	A woman holds a bag as another person picks strawberries for her	contradiction
11547	A lady with a green shirt and tan shorts is picking out strawberries and putting them in a plastic bag.	A lady picks some strawberries for another person	neutral
11548	Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands.	The boys are playing a game of marbles during recess.	neutral
11549	Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands.	The boys are playing with marbles.	entailment
11550	Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands.	The dark-haired boys are digging a hole.	contradiction
11551	Two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground.	They are outside.	entailment
11552	Two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground.	The are kssing in front of thier kid.	neutral
11553	Two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground.	They are playing ball.	contradiction
11554	A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.	A woman who is late steals a bike so she can make her important job interview in time.	neutral
11555	A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.	Someone gets on a bicycle.	entailment
11556	A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.	A cab driver waits for a fare.	contradiction
11557	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	A woman is scrubbing mud off the kitchen floor.	contradiction
11558	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	The woman is wearing heels.	entailment
11559	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	The woman is wearing combat boots.	contradiction
11560	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	The heels are difficult to ride in.	neutral
11561	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	A female is riding a bicycle.	entailment
11562	A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	A girl in a fancy outfit and heels is riding a bicycle at night.	neutral
11563	A woman in high heels rides a bicycle with tiny wheels.	A woman is riding a bike.	entailment
11564	A woman in high heels rides a bicycle with tiny wheels.	A woman is riding a bike and falls off.	neutral
11565	A woman in high heels rides a bicycle with tiny wheels.	A woman is fixing her home.	contradiction
11566	A woman on top of a small bicycle.	A person is going for a bike ride in the country.	neutral
11567	A woman on top of a small bicycle.	A person is riding a bike.	entailment
11568	A woman on top of a small bicycle.	Two dragons perch on a mountaintop.	contradiction
11569	A father playing with his two boys in a sand box.	A family playing in the sandbox.	entailment
11570	A father playing with his two boys in a sand box.	A dad has his kids at the park.	neutral
11571	A father playing with his two boys in a sand box.	A family is fishing.	contradiction
11572	A woman and a man with tattoos on the upper area of both of his arms having fun on the sidewalk with a few streamers around them.	The tattoos are on the legs.	contradiction
11573	A woman and a man with tattoos on the upper area of both of his arms having fun on the sidewalk with a few streamers around them.	There  is a sidewalk.	entailment
11574	A woman and a man with tattoos on the upper area of both of his arms having fun on the sidewalk with a few streamers around them.	The streamers are big.	neutral
11575	A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.	A girl has many colorful ribbons.	entailment
11576	A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.	A girl is dancing making the ribbons on her dress fly around her.	neutral
11577	A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.	A girl is sleeping in a bunk bed.	contradiction
11578	Two men practicing martial arts together.	The men are friends.	neutral
11579	Two men practicing martial arts together.	Then men are doing martial arts.	entailment
11580	Two men practicing martial arts together.	The men are playing video games.	contradiction
11581	Two girls giving the peace sign.	The girls are pretending to be hippies from the 1960's.	neutral
11582	Two girls giving the peace sign.	There are two girls in this picture.	entailment
11583	Two girls giving the peace sign.	The girls are sitting inside, drawing in their coloring books.	contradiction
11584	Girl tangled in multicolored bands on tracks.	A girl is stuck in bands.	entailment
11585	Girl tangled in multicolored bands on tracks.	A girl has rubber bands on tracks.	neutral
11586	Girl tangled in multicolored bands on tracks.	A girl is made out of rubber bands.	contradiction
11587	Two men are sparring and one is kicking a board.	Two men train for a karate tournament that's being held the next day	neutral
11588	Two men are sparring and one is kicking a board.	Two men practice fighting skills	entailment
11589	Two men are sparring and one is kicking a board.	Two women fight with rubber chickens	contradiction
11590	A young man is kicking a board while dressed in a Karate Gi.	a man showing skills to a group of children	neutral
11591	A young man is kicking a board while dressed in a Karate Gi.	a man doing karate	entailment
11592	A young man is kicking a board while dressed in a Karate Gi.	a man reading a book quietly alone	contradiction
11593	Two guys practicing martial arts in a martial art school.	Two men practicing martial arts with a punching bag as a tool.	neutral
11594	Two guys practicing martial arts in a martial art school.	Two men practicing an activity together.	entailment
11595	Two guys practicing martial arts in a martial art school.	Two guys watching a competition at school.	contradiction
11596	People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful, sunny day.	Little kids rding their bikes on the road on a summer day	contradiction
11597	People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful, sunny day.	Several young individuals are running on road down the hill in a mountain race competition.	neutral
11598	People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful, sunny day.	Peole are walking down the hilly road with food venders standing at the side of the road.	entailment
11599	people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.	people are shopping.	neutral
11600	people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.	one person is inside watching television.	contradiction
11601	people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.	People are outside.	entailment
11602	A boy with a yellow shirt and yellow do-rag walking through a town.	A boy sits in his shop selling oranges.	contradiction
11603	A boy with a yellow shirt and yellow do-rag walking through a town.	A boy is on his way to buy milk.	neutral
11604	A boy with a yellow shirt and yellow do-rag walking through a town.	A boy is walking through the town.	entailment
11605	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	A dog is jumping.	entailment
11606	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The woman jumps down at the dog.	contradiction
11607	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dogs sit in the park.	contradiction
11608	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	There are two dogs.	entailment
11609	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	One of the dogs walks away to get a treat.	neutral
11610	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The woman has 3 pet dogs.	neutral
11611	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	a brown dog drives a taxi	contradiction
11612	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	a brown dog jumps at a lady	entailment
11613	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	a brown dog jumps up at a lady who it knows very well	neutral
11614	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	There are animals near a woman.	entailment
11615	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dog jumps up to the woman.	entailment
11616	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
11617	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The black and tan dog doesn't like the tan dog.	neutral
11618	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The woman aggravated the dog.	neutral
11619	A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	A woman was in pants when the dog jumped at her.	contradiction
11620	People walk down a street with shops along the way.	Everybody is in a cafe.	contradiction
11621	People walk down a street with shops along the way.	Some people are shopping.	neutral
11622	People walk down a street with shops along the way.	Some people are outside.	entailment
11623	A small boy sitting on a toy by a window getting tickled by his dad.	A man and child are walking in a park.	contradiction
11624	A small boy sitting on a toy by a window getting tickled by his dad.	a boy and his had doing some work	neutral
11625	A small boy sitting on a toy by a window getting tickled by his dad.	a little boy is playing with toys	entailment
11626	A man in a flowered shirt is tickling a young boy wearing a light blue shirt.	THE LADY IS WEARING BLUE SHIRT AND THE BOY LAUGHING OUT LOUD	contradiction
11627	A man in a flowered shirt is tickling a young boy wearing a light blue shirt.	PAUL IS TICKLING PAUL JR WEARING THE SHIRT	entailment
11628	A man in a flowered shirt is tickling a young boy wearing a light blue shirt.	THE MAN TICKILING THE BOY IS A RAPIST	neutral
11629	A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.	A child is being tickled.	entailment
11630	A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.	A man is tickling his son.	neutral
11631	A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.	A man is petting his dog.	contradiction
11632	a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing with a boy wearing blue.	A man plays with a boy.	entailment
11633	a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing with a boy wearing blue.	A man kidnaps a boy.	contradiction
11634	a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing with a boy wearing blue.	A man plays with a boy in the park.	neutral
11635	A group of people are performing on stage.	A group is performing for a charitable event.	neutral
11636	A group of people are performing on stage.	Women are sewing sweaters.	contradiction
11637	A group of people are performing on stage.	People are performing on stage.	entailment
11638	An adult and a child play together with toys.	Three men are ordering pizza.	contradiction
11639	An adult and a child play together with toys.	The adult and the child are inside.	neutral
11640	An adult and a child play together with toys.	Two people are spending time together.	entailment
11641	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	a man rides his bike to his mothers house	neutral
11642	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	a man in a coat rides his bike outside	entailment
11643	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A sharp looking man is cruising in the sunshine.	neutral
11644	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man rides his bike.	entailment
11645	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	The man is crashing into a pile of leaves.	contradiction
11646	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man is riding his bike in the snow.	contradiction
11647	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	Man driving a car in Autumn	contradiction
11648	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	Man riding a bicycle in New York	neutral
11649	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	Man riding a bicycle	entailment
11650	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man is exercising in a beautiful nature setting.	neutral
11651	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A bike rides a man.	contradiction
11652	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	a man drives his car to the moon.	contradiction
11653	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man rides his bike in the autumn.	neutral
11654	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man dressed up rides his bike in fall weather.	entailment
11655	A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man rides his bike in the fall.	entailment
11656	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The elderly man was biking on a rainy day.	contradiction
11657	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The old man is walking.	contradiction
11658	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An elderly man is heading to his girlfriend's house on his bike.	neutral
11659	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The elderly man is outdoors.	entailment
11660	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An elderly man is bicycling.	entailment
11661	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The old man is riding a bicycle.	entailment
11662	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The man is outdoors.	entailment
11663	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The elderly man has a black bicycle.	neutral
11664	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The old man is cycling to the store.	neutral
11665	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An old guy riding a bike through a path to get home.	neutral
11666	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The man is at a desktop computer.	contradiction
11667	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The man has a lot of wrinkles.	neutral
11668	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	A man is driving a sports car.	contradiction
11669	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	A man riding a bike down a path.	entailment
11670	An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An elderly woman rides a bike down a path.	contradiction
11671	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is biking home	neutral
11672	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is driving a car.	contradiction
11673	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is riding a unicycle.	contradiction
11674	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is on a bike trail for a charity ride.	neutral
11675	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is laying on the ground.	contradiction
11676	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is on his daily bike ride through the forest.	neutral
11677	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A old man riding a skateboard.	contradiction
11678	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A old man exercising by riding a bike.	neutral
11679	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is enjoying the outdoors.	entailment
11680	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A man is riding a bicycle on a sunny day in the country.	entailment
11681	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is outside	entailment
11682	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is riding a bike.	entailment
11683	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is athletic.	neutral
11684	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is walking to the store	contradiction
11685	An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A old man outside on a bike in the day time.	entailment
11686	Ballroom dancers in the midst of a dance.	People are sitting in the waiting room.	contradiction
11687	Ballroom dancers in the midst of a dance.	Ballroom dancers are performing.	neutral
11688	Ballroom dancers in the midst of a dance.	People are dancing.	entailment
11689	A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store waiting for a driver.	neutral
11690	A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	A yellow truck is standing on a street.	entailment
11691	A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	A blue truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	contradiction
11692	A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A yellow cat jumps to greet a woman.	contradiction
11693	A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A big dog jumps to greet a woman.	neutral
11694	A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A dog jumps to greet a woman.	entailment
11695	A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.	Dance couple working out in gym	contradiction
11696	A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.	Dance couple dancing on dance floor on their marriage	neutral
11697	A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.	Dance couple dancing on dance floor	entailment
11698	A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption.	they are girls there too	contradiction
11699	A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption.	the child was happy`	neutral
11700	A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption.	PEOPLPE WERE ON GRASS	entailment
11701	A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.	An audience watches the beach dogs compete.	neutral
11702	A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.	A cat yawns.	contradiction
11703	A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.	Two dogs jumping.	entailment
11704	A free runner is jumping a rail.	A free runner jumps a rail to get away from a rabid dog.	neutral
11705	A free runner is jumping a rail.	A parkour runner springs off a rail.	entailment
11706	A free runner is jumping a rail.	The runner is stopped and giving directions to a couple at the park.	contradiction
11707	A man windsurfing.	A man is skateboarding.	contradiction
11708	A man windsurfing.	A person is on a body of water.	entailment
11709	A man windsurfing.	A man is windsurfing on the Atlantic Ocean.	neutral
11710	A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor	A maintenance worker is preparing to do some remodeling.	neutral
11711	A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor	A person is checking the condition of a surface.	entailment
11712	A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor	A guy in a bathing suit plays volleyball in a pool.	contradiction
11713	A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.	A man never likes wake board.	contradiction
11714	A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.	A man ride a wakeboard to  play.	neutral
11715	A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.	A man is riding	entailment
11716	A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.	A man is skiing down a steep mountain.	contradiction
11717	A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.	An old man is pulled through the water on his water ski.	neutral
11718	A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.	There is a man water skiing.	entailment
11719	The man is waterskiing.	A man is being pulled by a jet ski.	neutral
11720	The man is waterskiing.	The person is gliding along the surface of the water.	entailment
11721	The man is waterskiing.	Someone is riding on an inflatable tube.	contradiction
11722	A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.	A man is on the water.	entailment
11723	A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.	A man is swimming.	contradiction
11724	A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.	A man is being pulled by a boat.	neutral
11725	A middle-aged couple is at the foreground of a scene of people walking in a theme park.	Middle aged couple are at the street	contradiction
11726	A middle-aged couple is at the foreground of a scene of people walking in a theme park.	middle aged couple spending their vacation.	neutral
11727	A middle-aged couple is at the foreground of a scene of people walking in a theme park.	Middle aged couple visited theme park	entailment
11728	A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss, while another small boy in a yellow shirt plays in the sand with his toys.	A man in a lawn chair joyously gives a small boy a hug and kiss	neutral
11729	A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss, while another small boy in a yellow shirt plays in the sand with his toys.	A man in a lawn chair doesn't give a small boy a hug and kiss	contradiction
11730	A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss, while another small boy in a yellow shirt plays in the sand with his toys.	A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss	entailment
11731	Some kids are climbing a metal structure.	Some kids are climbing on a metal jungle gym.	neutral
11732	Some kids are climbing a metal structure.	Some kids are sliding down a slide in the park.	contradiction
11733	Some kids are climbing a metal structure.	Some kids are climbing.	entailment
11734	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The woman is trying to steal from the man.	neutral
11735	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The woman is clapping.	contradiction
11736	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman dressed in her wedding gown is looking for something in her husband's pocket.	neutral
11737	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman reaches in a mans pocket.	entailment
11738	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A man reaches in a lady's pocket.	contradiction
11739	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman in all white reaches into a mans pocket.	entailment
11740	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A man dressed in black has her hands in the air.	contradiction
11741	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman tries to slip her hands into a mans pants.	neutral
11742	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman is wearing a white clothes near a man she is touching.	entailment
11743	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	She is trying to find a quarter.	neutral
11744	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A lady reaches in a guys pocket to steal his wallet.	neutral
11745	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The woman puts her hand into the mans pocket.	entailment
11746	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman's hand is inside a man's pocket.	entailment
11747	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The man and woman are playing together.	contradiction
11748	Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman pick pockets the unsuspecting gentlemen's wallet.	contradiction
11749	Four little girls playing soccer.	A group of girls playing with a soccer ball.	entailment
11750	Four little girls playing soccer.	Four girls playing tennis.	contradiction
11751	Four little girls playing soccer.	A group of friends practicing for a soccer match.	neutral
11752	Kids play in a school yard	Kids are playing in a gym.	contradiction
11753	Kids play in a school yard	There are kids playing outside.	entailment
11754	Kids play in a school yard	Kids are playing a game of tag.	neutral
11755	A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man.	A group of women protest.	contradiction
11756	A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man.	A couple walks along at a music festival.	neutral
11757	A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man.	A lady with a hat walks with a guy.	entailment
11758	A teenage boy jumping over a railing.	A teenage girl slowly climbs over the railing.	contradiction
11759	A teenage boy jumping over a railing.	A teenage boy being chased jumps over the railing.	neutral
11760	A teenage boy jumping over a railing.	A teenager jumps over the railing.	entailment
11761	A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving stuff.	neutral
11762	A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	A man is about to embark on a stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	entailment
11763	A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	A woman is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	contradiction
11764	A man is on a bicycle lifted off of the ground attached to a pole.	a giraffe stands	contradiction
11765	A man is on a bicycle lifted off of the ground attached to a pole.	man performing a trick	neutral
11766	A man is on a bicycle lifted off of the ground attached to a pole.	man is on bike	entailment
11767	A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.	The man is sitting	entailment
11768	A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.	The bike is green	neutral
11769	A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.	The man is standing	contradiction
11770	Young boy in red hat riding a horse.	A young boy is riding a horse.	entailment
11771	Young boy in red hat riding a horse.	A young boy rides a tractor.	contradiction
11772	Young boy in red hat riding a horse.	A young boy trains for rodeo.	neutral
11773	A person on a bmx bike.	Someone riding a bicycle outside.	neutral
11774	A person on a bmx bike.	Someone carrying a bicycle.	contradiction
11775	A person on a bmx bike.	Someone riding a bicycle.	entailment
11776	The biker in blue is going around a corner.	The biker in red is going around a corner.	contradiction
11777	The biker in blue is going around a corner.	The biker is headed home.	neutral
11778	The biker in blue is going around a corner.	The biker in blue is going around a corner.	entailment
11779	A young child wearing a red hat and a tag "513" participant tag rides a horse.	A child participates in an English class at a horse show.	neutral
11780	A young child wearing a red hat and a tag "513" participant tag rides a horse.	A child rides a horse.	entailment
11781	A young child wearing a red hat and a tag "513" participant tag rides a horse.	A child bathes their horse.	contradiction
11782	A child in a red hat is riding a horse.	A child is riding an animal.	entailment
11783	A child in a red hat is riding a horse.	A girl in a red hat rides a horse.	neutral
11784	A child in a red hat is riding a horse.	A grown man in a red hat rides a horse.	contradiction
11785	Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	The people behind the barrier are watching a guy on a bike.	entailment
11786	Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	The people are watching a guy driving a boat.	contradiction
11787	Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	A red and white barrier is set up on the track.	entailment
11788	A man in an apron sits on a curb.	A cook ponders his next meal.	neutral
11789	A man in an apron sits on a curb.	A man rests outdoors.	entailment
11790	A man in an apron sits on a curb.	A chef makes a huge pizza.	contradiction
11791	Three people are outside with something on the grass.	Three people are on the grass.	entailment
11792	Three people are outside with something on the grass.	Everyone is on a water slide.	contradiction
11793	Three people are outside with something on the grass.	At least one man is sitting.	neutral
11794	Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.	Three boys are working together on a project in the yard.	neutral
11795	Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.	Six boys are standing on the roof with a bunch of paper.	contradiction
11796	Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.	Three boys are standing outside.	entailment
11797	Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.	The kayaker wears protective gear.	entailment
11798	Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.	The women is an expert Kayaker.	neutral
11799	Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.	The boy is hydraphobic.	contradiction
11800	Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.	the dogs eat mud	contradiction
11801	Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.	the boys fight for the litter on tuesday	neutral
11802	Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.	the boys fight for the bag of litter	entailment
11803	Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.	Children are being pulled in a cart by a donkey.	entailment
11804	Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.	Three siblings ride together.	neutral
11805	Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.	The children pet the donkey through a fence.	contradiction
11806	A donkey is pulling the cart down the road.	The rooster was on top of the donkey.	contradiction
11807	A donkey is pulling the cart down the road.	The donkey is on the road.	neutral
11808	A donkey is pulling the cart down the road.	The donkey is pulling the cart.	entailment
11809	One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.	One boy in a green shirt rides a horse hitched to a cart carrying two boys in green along a road.	contradiction
11810	One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.	One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a wooden cart carrying two boys in yellow along a dirt road.	neutral
11811	One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.	A child directs a burro that is hitched to a cart carrying other children.	entailment
11812	A person kayaking in strong currents.	The water current is strong for the kayaker.	entailment
11813	A person kayaking in strong currents.	The kayaker is enjoying the thrill and challenge of the strong current.	neutral
11814	A person kayaking in strong currents.	The canoer slowly rows on the placid lake.	contradiction
11815	A group of people are sitting and hanging out in a big courtyard with a fountain shooting up in the air in the background.	The people are planning a high school reunion.	neutral
11816	A group of people are sitting and hanging out in a big courtyard with a fountain shooting up in the air in the background.	People are running in a marathon.	contradiction
11817	A group of people are sitting and hanging out in a big courtyard with a fountain shooting up in the air in the background.	People are sitting outside.	entailment
11818	As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.	People getting soaked with rain.	contradiction
11819	As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.	A man and wife enjoying the sun coming out.	neutral
11820	As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.	Some people are not using the seating area.	entailment
11821	A park outside of a city that has a water fountain.	You can rehydrate after exploring the area.	entailment
11822	A park outside of a city that has a water fountain.	You have to pay for water at the park.	contradiction
11823	A park outside of a city that has a water fountain.	Kids use the fountain after playing.	neutral
11824	People relaxing under green umbrella's with a beautiful fountain in the background.	The folk are having fun near by a fountain.	entailment
11825	People relaxing under green umbrella's with a beautiful fountain in the background.	The people are sitting at the restaurants.	contradiction
11826	People sit and stand near a fountain.	The people are playing basketball.	contradiction
11827	People sit and stand near a fountain.	The people are near water.	entailment
11828	People sit and stand near a fountain.	The people are attracted to the fountain.	neutral
11829	A man in a red jacket and sunglasses is snowboarding down a snowy mountain.	A guy is racing down a mountain	neutral
11830	A man in a red jacket and sunglasses is snowboarding down a snowy mountain.	A male snowboards down a snowy mountain wearing a red jacket and sunglasses	entailment
11831	A man in a red jacket and sunglasses is snowboarding down a snowy mountain.	A man is skiing down the mountain.	contradiction
11832	A lady standing on side of a classic car.	A man standing on side of a classic car.	contradiction
11833	A lady standing on side of a classic car.	A lady stands by a car	entailment
11834	A lady standing on side of a classic car.	A lady standing on side of a classic car at the car show.	neutral
11835	A woman in a blue shirt smiles at the camera while she stands next to a car that matches her shirt.	A woman quarreled with her husband in blue shirt.	contradiction
11836	A woman in a blue shirt smiles at the camera while she stands next to a car that matches her shirt.	A woman in a blue shirt stand behind the rose car.	neutral
11837	A woman in a blue shirt smiles at the camera while she stands next to a car that matches her shirt.	A woman acting in advertisement with matching dress with car.	entailment
11838	Woman in blue jacket and flip-flops standing by restored vintage blue car with hood open.	A lady wearing a blue dress and sandals is standing next to a refurbished car.	entailment
11839	Woman in blue jacket and flip-flops standing by restored vintage blue car with hood open.	A lady wearing a blue dress and sandals is showing off her new and improved car.	neutral
11840	Woman in blue jacket and flip-flops standing by restored vintage blue car with hood open.	A lady wearing a blue dress and sandals is cooking.	contradiction
11841	Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman is showing off her car to friends.	neutral
11842	Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman with a car is in front a house.	entailment
11843	Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman is in a boat.	contradiction
11844	A woman standing in front of a fancy blue car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman sitting on the tire of a monster truck while waiting to get into Nathalie's DollHouse.	contradiction
11845	A woman standing in front of a fancy blue car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman standing in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	entailment
11846	A woman standing in front of a fancy blue car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman standing in front of her blue Camaro with Nathalie's DollHouse in the background.	neutral
11847	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man is snowboarding.	entailment
11848	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A woman on a snowboard is going towards a camera.	contradiction
11849	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A picture is being taken of a snowboarder.	neutral
11850	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man on a snowboard is going towards a camera because he is out of control and going to crash.	neutral
11851	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A woman is on skis.	contradiction
11852	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man has a snowboard.	entailment
11853	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man riding some skis approaches downhill towards the camera.	contradiction
11854	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man is in a video about snowboarding.	neutral
11855	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man riding a snowboard approaches the camera from the top of the hill.	entailment
11856	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man riding a snowboard is doing some hard tricks while traveling downhill.	neutral
11857	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man has a skateboard.	contradiction
11858	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man on a snowboard is going towards a camera.	entailment
11859	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man without a snowboard is hiking in the snow.	contradiction
11860	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man is snowboarding.	entailment
11861	A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man has a white snowboard.	neutral
11862	Someone is riding a motorcycle down a racetrack during daylight hours.	Someone is riding a bike at night.	contradiction
11863	Someone is riding a motorcycle down a racetrack during daylight hours.	A person is riding a vehicle.	entailment
11864	Someone is riding a motorcycle down a racetrack during daylight hours.	A motorcyclist is participating in a race.	neutral
11865	A motorcyclist in red and white leather flies down the track.	The person is snorkeling in the ocean.	contradiction
11866	A motorcyclist in red and white leather flies down the track.	The person is wearing a black helmet.	neutral
11867	A motorcyclist in red and white leather flies down the track.	The person is wearing leather.	entailment
11868	A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.	A woman is racing her motorcycle.	neutral
11869	A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.	A person is riding a motorcycle outdoors.	entailment
11870	A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.	A person in a white dress is sitting outside.	contradiction
11871	A person rides a motorcycle, with the front wheel lifting slightly off the ground.	A person riding their motorcycle outdoors.	entailment
11872	A person rides a motorcycle, with the front wheel lifting slightly off the ground.	A person cleaning their motorcycle inside of their garage.	contradiction
11873	A person rides a motorcycle, with the front wheel lifting slightly off the ground.	A person doing a wheely on their motorcycle as they ride.	neutral
11874	A motorcycle racer speeds around a track.	The racer is in an important race.	neutral
11875	A motorcycle racer speeds around a track.	The rider is on a motorcycle.	entailment
11876	A motorcycle racer speeds around a track.	The racer is on a horse.	contradiction
11877	A man is snowboarding during the day.	The man is a sliding down the mountain.	entailment
11878	A man is snowboarding during the day.	The man is in the gym.	contradiction
11879	A man is snowboarding during the day.	The man is a professional snowboarder.	neutral
11880	The men are watching sports at a bar.	the men are watching hockey at a bar.	neutral
11881	The men are watching sports at a bar.	the men are watching a soap opera at a bar.	contradiction
11882	The men are watching sports at a bar.	there are people at a bar.	entailment
11883	game is playing in the stadium	stadium is completely empty	contradiction
11884	game is playing in the stadium	there's a football tournament happening in the stadium	neutral
11885	game is playing in the stadium	something happening in the stadium	entailment
11886	A man with his knees held up and another man wearing a gray shirt are sitting at a bar.	The bar is closed.	contradiction
11887	A man with his knees held up and another man wearing a gray shirt are sitting at a bar.	Two people are sitting.	entailment
11888	A man with his knees held up and another man wearing a gray shirt are sitting at a bar.	Two people are sitting on bar stools.	neutral
11889	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The people came to watch a baseball game.	entailment
11890	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The players are sleeping.	contradiction
11891	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A basketball team is standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	contradiction
11892	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands in the locker room.	contradiction
11893	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The team is about to play a game for their die hard fans.	neutral
11894	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	Players of a baseball team are waiting for the game to start while they stand on the field.	neutral
11895	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The team is really good at baseball.	neutral
11896	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	People watch a baseball game.	entailment
11897	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball game is tied in the ninth inning.	neutral
11898	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	Players of a baseball team and standing on a field with people watching.	entailment
11899	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A group of people watch a youth basketball game.	contradiction
11900	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands on the field in front of a crowd.	entailment
11901	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	Players of a baseball team are loading onto the bus to go home.	contradiction
11902	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands on a field.	entailment
11903	The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team takes the field to start a game.	neutral
11904	Baseball players are playing on a field in a stadium filled with people.	Baseball players are playing in the Major Leagues with a stadium of people watching.	neutral
11905	Baseball players are playing on a field in a stadium filled with people.	Two men are arguing.	contradiction
11906	Baseball players are playing on a field in a stadium filled with people.	Baseball players are playing with a stadium of people watching.	entailment
11907	A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A man with no shirt is pulling a pair of pants out of the water	neutral
11908	A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A man without a shirt is pulling something out of the water	entailment
11909	A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A woman is riding a bicycle at the beach	contradiction
11910	A person in a yellow coat is walking outside at night.	The man is standing at the counter indoors.	contradiction
11911	A person in a yellow coat is walking outside at night.	There is a person in a coat.	entailment
11912	A person in a yellow coat is walking outside at night.	The man is outside among the street lights.	neutral
11913	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The boy is taking pictures of the scenery.	entailment
11914	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child wearing baggy shorts is taking a picture for a photography album they are making.	neutral
11915	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The boy is a photographer.	neutral
11916	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A woman is washing her clothes in the laundry.	contradiction
11917	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child takes a picture with a camera on a tripod.	entailment
11918	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The child stands in the grass.	entailment
11919	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A young person is wearing warm weather clothes, and using expensive equipment.	entailment
11920	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The child is taking a picture of the mountain range.	neutral
11921	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child is taking a break from baseball practice to take pictures of his friends.	neutral
11922	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child plays a boardgame with some friends.	contradiction
11923	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child wearing baggy shorts is taking a picture.	entailment
11924	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child takes a picture in the mountains for a school project.	neutral
11925	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The adult stands next to the Christmas tree.	contradiction
11926	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The boy is riding a unicorn through the grassy field.	contradiction
11927	A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A man wearing baggy shorts is taking a picture of a desert.	contradiction
11928	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy putting together a puzzle.	contradiction
11929	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	The boy was smiling.	neutral
11930	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy trying out a new camera that was given to him as a gift.	neutral
11931	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	The camera is new.	neutral
11932	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy is playing video games in the winter.	contradiction
11933	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A small child is preparing to take a photo.	neutral
11934	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy takes a picture in nice weather.	entailment
11935	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A person in clothes.	entailment
11936	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy takes a picture of a pretty flower.	neutral
11937	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy is wearing shorts.	entailment
11938	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	Just a car.	contradiction
11939	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy looking through a camera.	entailment
11940	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	The camera is on the floor.	contradiction
11941	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A young boy is peering through a camera.	entailment
11942	A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A young adult is watching tv.	contradiction
11943	A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers.	a woman wears medals	entailment
11944	A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers.	a happy athlete just won two medals	neutral
11945	A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers.	a woman wears two medals and sits on a couch	contradiction
11946	A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	A man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	entailment
11947	A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	A woman in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	contradiction
11948	A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	A sad man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	neutral
11949	A small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand.	A small boy has a camera.	entailment
11950	A small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand.	The small boy is standing on cement.	contradiction
11951	A small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand.	The small boy has sand between his toes.	neutral
11952	A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.	The man is hopeful that he caught something in his net for dinner.	neutral
11953	A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.	The man is catching a shark in his net for dinner.	contradiction
11954	A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.	The man is getting his net out of the water to see if he caught a fish.	entailment
11955	A bus full of people, among them a small boy in a blue shirt and a white ball cap.	A boy is wearing a shirt of his favorite baseball team.	neutral
11956	A bus full of people, among them a small boy in a blue shirt and a white ball cap.	A boy is wearing a shirt.	entailment
11957	A bus full of people, among them a small boy in a blue shirt and a white ball cap.	The bus is empty.	contradiction
11958	A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.	The kid is jumping outside of the city.	neutral
11959	A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.	Outside the city there's a mountain and there is a kid trying to jump off the side of it.	entailment
11960	A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.	The kid is scared of jumping from the mountain.	contradiction
11961	Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.	The cellphone is an iPhone	neutral
11962	Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.	The man is using a cellphone	entailment
11963	Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.	There is no cellphone	contradiction
11964	A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.	a person is talking to their spouse about the game the other day.	neutral
11965	A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.	a guy eats a pizza at a night club.	contradiction
11966	A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.	a man is talking to someone on a cell phone while a person nearby looks ahead.	entailment
11967	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	a man on a bike	contradiction
11968	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A man looks out the window of his car.	contradiction
11969	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	people in a vehicle	entailment
11970	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Several people are looking outside the window.	entailment
11971	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	The people in the picture all know each other.	neutral
11972	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A group of people traveling	entailment
11973	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A group of people inside a windowless space.	contradiction
11974	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Several people on a bus are looking outside the window.	neutral
11975	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	people see a crash to the left	neutral
11976	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A class heads out on a field trip	neutral
11977	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A group of students on a bus look out at a car accident to their left.	neutral
11978	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A man watches the ocean off his private yacht.	contradiction
11979	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	At least one of these individuals is looking out the window.	entailment
11980	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Group of people peer out the windows of a transit vehicle to the left.	entailment
11981	A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Everyone who is shown is in a private vehicle.	contradiction
11982	A man leaping from a rocky hill.	The man is being chased by a mountain lion.	neutral
11983	A man leaping from a rocky hill.	The man is outside.	entailment
11984	A man leaping from a rocky hill.	The man is riding a jet ski.	contradiction
11985	A group of middle-aged adults are riding a bus and all looking to their left out the window.	Grown people are on a bus.	entailment
11986	A group of middle-aged adults are riding a bus and all looking to their left out the window.	Adults riding the bus home look out the window at the traffic accident.	neutral
11987	A group of middle-aged adults are riding a bus and all looking to their left out the window.	Adults are riding the train home after a busy day in the city.	contradiction
11988	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	The tour bus is full of people.	entailment
11989	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A tour group is enjoying a view of the london tower from their bus.	neutral
11990	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are riding on a bus.	entailment
11991	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are being led on a musem tour.	contradiction
11992	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people on a bus are observing something out their window.	entailment
11993	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	The bus can not go under 95 mph otherwise it will explode.	contradiction
11994	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	Two dogs rowing a boat.	contradiction
11995	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are on a bus.	entailment
11996	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are at home sitting in chairs.	contradiction
11997	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of tourist are looking at the statue of liberty.	neutral
11998	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are in another country and site seeing on a bus.	neutral
11999	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are on vacation.	neutral
12000	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are looking out the window.	entailment
12001	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	The tour bus is going to the casino.	neutral
12002	A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are swimming in a pool.	contradiction
12003	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two men are washing a window in front of others.	entailment
12004	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two men are cleaning a large picture window in the front of a store.	neutral
12005	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Birds left droppings on the windows requiring cleaning.	neutral
12006	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The two men are cleaning up the egg left there from last night's Halloween escapades by local youths.	neutral
12007	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	A window washer is shocked as a boy with a dog throws a rock at the window.	contradiction
12008	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The people are outside.	neutral
12009	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There are people working hard on a window near people.	entailment
12010	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There are several people.	entailment
12011	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two workers are eating lunch on their break.	contradiction
12012	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two workers are cleaning a wooden door entrance of a large building.	contradiction
12013	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	A dog plays fetch near two workers.	neutral
12014	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There is only one person cleaning the window.	contradiction
12015	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The windows required cleaning.	entailment
12016	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The men are working together on the same window	entailment
12017	Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The men are painting the security fence a solid black color while a cat plays with sting in the foreground.	contradiction
12018	Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on.	Some workers are washing a window.	neutral
12019	Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on.	The workers were taking a break.	contradiction
12020	Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on.	There are workers outdoors.	entailment
12021	A large crowd of people standing in Times Square, NYC.	The people are sitting in the grass on a farm.	contradiction
12022	A large crowd of people standing in Times Square, NYC.	It is New Years Eve.	neutral
12023	A large crowd of people standing in Times Square, NYC.	The crowd is standing in Time Square.	entailment
12024	The New York city streets filled with mobs of people.	A crowded street.	entailment
12025	The New York city streets filled with mobs of people.	Boston after midnight.	contradiction
12026	The New York city streets filled with mobs of people.	New York City at rush hour.	neutral
12027	Multiple people in a crowd listening to a speaker.	A chorus singing to one man.	contradiction
12028	Multiple people in a crowd listening to a speaker.	People listening to a speaker.	entailment
12029	Multiple people in a crowd listening to a speaker.	A speaker talking about politics to a crowd.	neutral
12030	Two workers in orange vests perform their job.	Two men at work.	entailment
12031	Two workers in orange vests perform their job.	Two construction workers building something.	neutral
12032	Two workers in orange vests perform their job.	Two hunters in orange looking for deer.	contradiction
12033	A park scene featuring people riding bikes.	People are outside in the park	entailment
12034	A park scene featuring people riding bikes.	People are fishing in a lake	contradiction
12035	A park scene featuring people riding bikes.	A group of friends are riding bikes in the park	neutral
12036	Here is six gentlemen who are in a band, all are playing different instruments.	They play instuments	neutral
12037	Here is six gentlemen who are in a band, all are playing different instruments.	They are sleeping.	contradiction
12038	Here is six gentlemen who are in a band, all are playing different instruments.	The gentlemen are in a band	entailment
12039	A female ice skater in black tights and a yellow top.	He does a flip	contradiction
12040	A female ice skater in black tights and a yellow top.	She prepares to do a spin	neutral
12041	A female ice skater in black tights and a yellow top.	She is wearing clothes	entailment
12042	A construction worker in a white shirt walking towards a fence.	A construction worker is at a job site	neutral
12043	A construction worker in a white shirt walking towards a fence.	A worker is outside	entailment
12044	A construction worker in a white shirt walking towards a fence.	A worker is indoors taking a break	contradiction
12045	A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	People are at a car show.	contradiction
12046	A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	Motorcycles are being ridin.	neutral
12047	A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	People are watching motorcycles.	entailment
12048	A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake	A young woman spins on ice.	entailment
12049	A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake	A young woman loses her balance.	neutral
12050	A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake	A young woman is standing next to an icy lake.	contradiction
12051	A man is watching two boys play in the sand.	A man watches two boys play	entailment
12052	A man is watching two boys play in the sand.	A man plays with two boys in the sand	neutral
12053	A man is watching two boys play in the sand.	Two boys watch a man play in the sand	contradiction
12054	Children climb a tall structure and gather at the top in an obstacle challenge.	Children are climbing something.	entailment
12055	Children climb a tall structure and gather at the top in an obstacle challenge.	Children compete in American Gladiators	neutral
12056	Children climb a tall structure and gather at the top in an obstacle challenge.	Children are climbing a rockwall	neutral
12057	There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade.	Two men are riding motorcycles in front of a crowd.	entailment
12058	There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade.	The men are doing tricks on the motorcycles.	neutral
12059	There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade.	One man is riding a moped.	contradiction
12060	Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on.	A motorcycle stunt performer rides his red bike up a steep jump as the crowd stands in anticipation.	neutral
12061	Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on.	Two beetles on the floor of a restaurant.	contradiction
12062	Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on.	A person performs for a crowd.	entailment
12063	Two men are sitting on their bikes, surrounded by a crowd.	The two men are alone.	contradiction
12064	Two men are sitting on their bikes, surrounded by a crowd.	The two men are best friends.	neutral
12065	Two men are sitting on their bikes, surrounded by a crowd.	The two men are surrounded by people.	entailment
12066	A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	Bulls are driving cars down the street.	contradiction
12067	A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	People are watching bulls and other people run down the street.	entailment
12068	A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	Bulls are chasing people down the street.	entailment
12069	A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water.	The party is near the beach.	neutral
12070	A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water.	The bride is sad because the groom ran away with the bestman.	contradiction
12071	A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water.	The bride at the party is near the water with a strong light showing.	entailment
12072	The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background.	The wedding photos are being taking in the kitchen.	contradiction
12073	The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background.	The brides wedding photos are being taken near the lake.	entailment
12074	The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background.	The wedding photos are being taken outside in the winter.	neutral
12075	Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.	People posing for a photo.	entailment
12076	Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.	People dancing in the open.	contradiction
12077	Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.	A coupel posing with the bride and grrom.	neutral
12078	A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean.	A bride is standing by a group of people after marriage.	neutral
12079	A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean.	A bride is talking to four men and three women.	contradiction
12080	A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean.	A bride stood inbetween four men and three girls at a wedding.	entailment
12081	A young girl is sitting on the ground surrounded by other people.	The young girl is attending a community event.	neutral
12082	A young girl is sitting on the ground surrounded by other people.	The young girl is not alone.	entailment
12083	A young girl is sitting on the ground surrounded by other people.	The young girl is by herself.	contradiction
12084	A child is wearing a white coat while squatting down in front of a person.	A child is with a person.	entailment
12085	A child is wearing a white coat while squatting down in front of a person.	A child is running alone outside.	contradiction
12086	A child is wearing a white coat while squatting down in front of a person.	A child is smiling with another person.	neutral
12087	A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.	Girl in jacket sits on sidewalk.	entailment
12088	A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.	A young girl fell down on the sidewalk and hurt her knee.	neutral
12089	A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.	A young girl sits on a couch.	contradiction
12090	A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground.	A girl is sitting on the ground while waiting for a ride.	neutral
12091	A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground.	A dog is sleeping.	contradiction
12092	A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground.	A girl is sitting on the ground.	entailment
12093	Two men wearing white helmets and neon construction vests, one holding a shovel, bend over while working on a sediment retention wall on the side of a road.	Two men wear blue jeans.	neutral
12094	Two men wearing white helmets and neon construction vests, one holding a shovel, bend over while working on a sediment retention wall on the side of a road.	Two men look out a window.	contradiction
12095	Two men wearing white helmets and neon construction vests, one holding a shovel, bend over while working on a sediment retention wall on the side of a road.	Two men wear helmets.	entailment
12096	a boy wearing yellow reads a book.	A boy is reading a book about bugs.	neutral
12097	a boy wearing yellow reads a book.	A girl is wearing pink and riding a bicycle.	contradiction
12098	a boy wearing yellow reads a book.	A boy is reading a book.	entailment
12099	Cows and people running down street	The cows and people are running from someone.	neutral
12100	Cows and people running down street	The cows and people are inside.	contradiction
12101	Cows and people running down street	They are in the city.	entailment
12102	A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.	A woman doing dishes while a boy dries them.	contradiction
12103	A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.	A woman helping a boy read a book.	entailment
12104	A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.	A mother explains where babies come from to her son.	neutral
12105	two men work outdoors with equipment	2 men are working outdoors.	entailment
12106	two men work outdoors with equipment	The 2 man are indoors.	contradiction
12107	two men work outdoors with equipment	The 2 men are car mechanics.	neutral
12108	A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.	Nobody is holding anything	contradiction
12109	A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.	A tall human holding something	neutral
12110	A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.	A human holding something	entailment
12111	A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.	A individual wearing a sweater sitting and looking at a book as a child sitts on their lap.	entailment
12112	A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.	An individual wearing a sweater sitting and looking at a book as their child sleeps on their lap.	neutral
12113	A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.	A person in a t-shirt running down a road with their child.	contradiction
12114	A man on a bicycle, holding a leash with a small dog, is riding by a seawall.	A man is walking alone in an alley.	contradiction
12115	A man on a bicycle, holding a leash with a small dog, is riding by a seawall.	A man is with his dog outside.	entailment
12116	A man on a bicycle, holding a leash with a small dog, is riding by a seawall.	A man is taking the dog to see his girlfriend's new puppy.	neutral
12117	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man and his dog walk along the beach.	contradiction
12118	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is riding a bike and walking his dog.	entailment
12119	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	The man has a cat.	contradiction
12120	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man has a bike near the water.	entailment
12121	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	a man runs from a dog who is trying to attack him	contradiction
12122	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	a man on a bicycle rides along a waterfront with a dog on a leash	entailment
12123	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	a man takes his dog for a run while he bicycles alongside	neutral
12124	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is feeding his cat.	contradiction
12125	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is outside.	entailment
12126	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is near the ocean.	neutral
12127	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A dog pulls his owner on a bike at the beach.	neutral
12128	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man on a bike rides beside the water with a dog.	entailment
12129	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	The man is carrying the dog in his lap.	contradiction
12130	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	The dog is panting.	neutral
12131	A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man on a bike rides alongside the ocean with his dog.	neutral
12132	A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.	A woman sits on the grass.	contradiction
12133	A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.	The woman is indoors.	entailment
12134	A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.	A woman lies in a room that is dimly lit.	neutral
12135	A man rides his bike while he walks his dog along a bulk-wall.	man walks dog	entailment
12136	A man rides his bike while he walks his dog along a bulk-wall.	girl plays hop skotch	contradiction
12137	A man rides his bike while he walks his dog along a bulk-wall.	dog runs with the bike	neutral
12138	Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in.	the woman is doing jumping jacks	contradiction
12139	Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in.	the woman is lying down	entailment
12140	Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in.	the woman is sexy	neutral
12141	A woman lays face down on her exercise mat next to a gazing pool.	a woman lays down	entailment
12142	A woman lays face down on her exercise mat next to a gazing pool.	the woman is running a marathon	contradiction
12143	A woman lays face down on her exercise mat next to a gazing pool.	the woman is a seductress	neutral
12144	Woman lying face down on a white mat in a round with a stone floor as sunlight streams in the window onto the driftwood in the background.	The woman is sitting on the couch watching the television.	contradiction
12145	Woman lying face down on a white mat in a round with a stone floor as sunlight streams in the window onto the driftwood in the background.	The woman is doing yoga on a mat in her house.	neutral
12146	Woman lying face down on a white mat in a round with a stone floor as sunlight streams in the window onto the driftwood in the background.	The woman is lying on the floor during the day.	entailment
12147	A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.	A man talks on the phone.	entailment
12148	A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.	A man is happy to hear from this family.	neutral
12149	A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.	A man is listening to headphones.	contradiction
12150	The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path.	The three people are looking at something	entailment
12151	The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path.	The old men are about to play chess	contradiction
12152	The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path.	The family is seeing where the path leads	neutral
12153	Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background.	Some people are waiting on an elevator.	contradiction
12154	Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background.	3 eldery people sit as their grown children stand behind them.	neutral
12155	Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background.	some people are seated while other people stand around.	entailment
12156	Man cutting wood with electric saw.	Person cutting wood with electric saw.	entailment
12157	Man cutting wood with electric saw.	Sad man cutting wood with electric saw.	neutral
12158	Man cutting wood with electric saw.	Woman cutting wood with electric saw.	contradiction
12159	Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs are on the beach.	entailment
12160	Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs are lying on the beach.	contradiction
12161	Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs walking beside the water.	neutral
12162	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	They run along the street	contradiction
12163	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Their paws move along the sand	entailment
12164	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	They are rushing home	neutral
12165	A bunch of dogs on a beach.	There are bulldogs on the beach	neutral
12166	A bunch of dogs on a beach.	There are animals on the beach	entailment
12167	A bunch of dogs on a beach.	The beach is dog free.	contradiction
12168	Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.	Some guy is lifting weights.	contradiction
12169	Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.	The guy is going to start his exercises.	entailment
12170	Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.	A guy is wearing his workout clothes.	neutral
12171	Three people, two adult women and a young girl, talk about a clock the girl is holding.	The people are all female.	entailment
12172	Three people, two adult women and a young girl, talk about a clock the girl is holding.	The women are the same age.	contradiction
12173	Three people, two adult women and a young girl, talk about a clock the girl is holding.	One of the women is elderly.	neutral
12174	A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress.	The woman is using the computer while her child naps.	contradiction
12175	A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress.	A woman is holding a child.	entailment
12176	A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress.	The woman is calling her husband to have him pick them up.	neutral
12177	A woman wearing a red flowered shawl is on her cellphone while carrying a little girl in a pink dress.	The woman is talking on her cellphone.	entailment
12178	A woman wearing a red flowered shawl is on her cellphone while carrying a little girl in a pink dress.	A man and a boy play with a small dog.	contradiction
12179	A woman wearing a red flowered shawl is on her cellphone while carrying a little girl in a pink dress.	A woman talks on her phone as she carries her daughter home.	neutral
12180	A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.	A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl while talking to her husband.	neutral
12181	A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.	A mother holder her daughter.	entailment
12182	A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.	A man on his cellphone holds his little boy.	contradiction
12183	A little girl in a pink dress is being held by a woman who is on her cellphone.	A mother holds her phone and her daughter, wearing the pink outfit.	neutral
12184	A little girl in a pink dress is being held by a woman who is on her cellphone.	A grandmother holds her granddaughter, who is holding a pink toy phone.	contradiction
12185	A little girl in a pink dress is being held by a woman who is on her cellphone.	A woman talking on a phone holds her daughter in a pink outfit.	entailment
12186	A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.	A man is riding a dirt bike through a forest.	entailment
12187	A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.	A girl is dancing ballet.	contradiction
12188	A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.	A man in a black shirt and green shorts is riding a dirt bike through a forest.	neutral
12189	Four women in all black barefoot posing on the beach with sailboats in the distance.	a man poses on the beach	contradiction
12190	Four women in all black barefoot posing on the beach with sailboats in the distance.	four women posing on the beach	entailment
12191	Four women in all black barefoot posing on the beach with sailboats in the distance.	four famous models pose for a photo shoot	neutral
12192	A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.	The man is sitting on the steps.	contradiction
12193	A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.	There is a man awake at night.	entailment
12194	A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.	The man is waiting for someone.	neutral
12195	A woman is being filmed in a busy city.	A movie with a famous actress is being filmed.	neutral
12196	A woman is being filmed in a busy city.	A woman filming a video in the country.	contradiction
12197	A woman is being filmed in a busy city.	A video is being made of a woman.	entailment
12198	a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background	a tall human in a shirt	neutral
12199	a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background	Nobody has a shirt	contradiction
12200	a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background	A human in a shirt	entailment
12201	A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.	A man is attending a game at his favorite stadium.	neutral
12202	A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.	A person is at a stadium.	entailment
12203	A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.	Nobody is at the stadium.	contradiction
12204	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A group of people laughing	contradiction
12205	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is wearing yellow and orange jackets.	entailment
12206	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is trying to build something.	neutral
12207	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	Workers preparing for the day	entailment
12208	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	Some people are near jackets.	entailment
12209	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	Workers preparing to lay concrete	neutral
12210	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A crew cut is waiting around.	contradiction
12211	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A construction crew is waiting around.	entailment
12212	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A crew is waiting around.	entailment
12213	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A construction crew is waiting around patiently.	neutral
12214	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is wearing brown jackets.	contradiction
12215	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is working on construction.	neutral
12216	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	There are at least 10 people.	neutral
12217	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The person is alone in her bedroom asleep on Jupiter.	contradiction
12218	A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is working hard.	contradiction
12219	A newswoman being filmed in Times Square.	She is doing a story about Times Square.	neutral
12220	A newswoman being filmed in Times Square.	She is in Japan.	contradiction
12221	A newswoman being filmed in Times Square.	She is in New York City	entailment
12222	This is a view of time square in New York.	Several ads for plays are visible.	neutral
12223	This is a view of time square in New York.	This is outside in a large city on the East Coast of the United States.	entailment
12224	This is a view of time square in New York.	This is a truck stop in the Nevada desert.	contradiction
12225	A woman sings to a crowd of people.	A woman is singing.	entailment
12226	A woman sings to a crowd of people.	The singing woman is off key.	neutral
12227	A woman sings to a crowd of people.	The woman is running down the street.	contradiction
12228	People standing in mud.	There is mud and people are in it.	entailment
12229	People standing in mud.	Some people are on a muddy road.	neutral
12230	People standing in mud.	Some people sit on lawnchairs.	contradiction
12231	A woman wearing a dress is standing on a lighted stage singing into a microphone in front of a large crowd.	A man is singing into a microphone.	contradiction
12232	A woman wearing a dress is standing on a lighted stage singing into a microphone in front of a large crowd.	A woman is performing.	entailment
12233	A woman wearing a dress is standing on a lighted stage singing into a microphone in front of a large crowd.	The stage is indoors.	neutral
12234	A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	 A woman in a dress is performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	entailment
12235	A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	A girl picks a flower from the sidewalk.	contradiction
12236	A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	 A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard.	entailment
12237	A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.	A woman with black hair is singing to an audience.	neutral
12238	A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.	A person is performing.	entailment
12239	A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.	A woman is drinking a glass of wine with her meal.	contradiction
12240	People in an audience listening to a woman on stage singing to them.	the woman is singing	entailment
12241	People in an audience listening to a woman on stage singing to them.	The man is singing	contradiction
12242	People in an audience listening to a woman on stage singing to them.	There is a large group	neutral
12243	A dog walks along a beach.	A dog is walking with his owner on the beach.	neutral
12244	A dog walks along a beach.	A dog is walking.	entailment
12245	A dog walks along a beach.	A dog is walking down a mountain.	contradiction
12246	A dog walks on the sand along the water.	A fish swims along the edge of the water.	contradiction
12247	A dog walks on the sand along the water.	A puppy walks on the beach next to the ocean.	neutral
12248	A dog walks on the sand along the water.	A canine trots over the sand at the water's edge.	entailment
12249	A white dog running on the beach.	A dog is on the beach.	entailment
12250	A white dog running on the beach.	A dog is running away from its owner.	neutral
12251	A white dog running on the beach.	A dog is on the couch sleeping.	contradiction
12252	The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.	A dog sits on a blanket.	contradiction
12253	The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.	A dog strolls along the beach.	entailment
12254	The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.	A dog pulls his owner into the ocean.	neutral
12255	Two people working in mud.	Some people and some mud.	entailment
12256	Two people working in mud.	Some people digging a hole.	neutral
12257	Two people working in mud.	A person sitting in a lobby.	contradiction
12258	A group of performers clap on stage.	the entertainers are performing	entailment
12259	A group of performers clap on stage.	the group is sitting is dining outside	contradiction
12260	A group of performers clap on stage.	the group is singing a song	neutral
12261	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing the same shirts.	entailment
12262	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing identical white shirts.	entailment
12263	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	A group of people, two in white, applaud.	entailment
12264	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing identical blue shirts.	contradiction
12265	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people clapping	entailment
12266	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people are clapping.	entailment
12267	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people are clapping at the great performance.	neutral
12268	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	People, all of which have black shirts, sit looking bored.	contradiction
12269	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	The white shirts are v-necks.	neutral
12270	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	A crowd claps for a band.	neutral
12271	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Young teens partying in pool.	contradiction
12272	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	No one is wearing a shirt in the picture.	contradiction
12273	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Family of five clapping	neutral
12274	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing identical light white shirts.	neutral
12275	Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people are punching each other.	contradiction
12276	Five people, three men and two women, are standing in a line clapping in front of a banner.	The bannner is white.	neutral
12277	Five people, three men and two women, are standing in a line clapping in front of a banner.	There are only men.	contradiction
12278	Five people, three men and two women, are standing in a line clapping in front of a banner.	Some people are clapping.	entailment
12279	Five adults, three men and two women, in casual attire are applauding during what appears to be recognition of a group participating in some sort of event.	The people are quiet and watching the event.	contradiction
12280	Five adults, three men and two women, in casual attire are applauding during what appears to be recognition of a group participating in some sort of event.	The people are applauding for a Spelling Bee.	neutral
12281	Five adults, three men and two women, in casual attire are applauding during what appears to be recognition of a group participating in some sort of event.	The people are applauding.	entailment
12282	Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd.	The couple were fighting over an argument of who should keep the cat.	contradiction
12283	Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd.	The people on stage were demonstrating karate.	entailment
12284	Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd.	The woman broke a block of stone held by the two men.	neutral
12285	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	two people are fighting	neutral
12286	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The martial artists wielded weapons.	entailment
12287	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	Two women are doing yoga.	contradiction
12288	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	two adults sho fight skills	entailment
12289	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	the two adults are on a lunch date	contradiction
12290	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The man with two swords is a black belt.	neutral
12291	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	the two people are eating food	contradiction
12292	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The woman is watching.	neutral
12293	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The kids are playing.	contradiction
12294	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	A man and woman are giving a martial arts demonstration.	entailment
12295	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	the woman beats up a man	neutral
12296	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	They are doing something with swords.	entailment
12297	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	A martial arts demonstration is showing off Chinese weaponry.	neutral
12298	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	two people are holding weapons	entailment
12299	In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The martial artists had no weapons.	contradiction
12300	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The match is in the pool.	contradiction
12301	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	two martial arts fighters compete against each other	entailment
12302	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The two fighters were being competitive.	entailment
12303	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two master black belts fight each other	neutral
12304	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The martial arts fighters were practicing.	contradiction
12305	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	A competition match between two gorillas	contradiction
12306	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	2 female mma fighting are competing.	neutral
12307	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	2 female mma fighting are standing on scales at the weigh in.	contradiction
12308	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two dogs ride around on tricycles	contradiction
12309	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The two martial arts fighters were women.	neutral
12310	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two martial arts competitors are having a match	entailment
12311	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two kung fu masters are pummeling one another	neutral
12312	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	2 mma fighting compete.	entailment
12313	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The fighters are trying to win.	entailment
12314	A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The fighters are the same gender.	neutral
12315	five people clapping on a stage	The people on the stage are performers.	neutral
12316	five people clapping on a stage	The people are sitting in the seats applauding the performers.	contradiction
12317	five people clapping on a stage	The people on the stage are applauding.	entailment
12318	A woman in an orange outfit is weaving.	The woman is weaving a quilt.	neutral
12319	A woman in an orange outfit is weaving.	A woman is doing pushups.	contradiction
12320	A woman in an orange outfit is weaving.	A person is wearing an orange outfit.	entailment
12321	A black-haired woman in a bright red shirt works at a loom.	A black-haired woman is weaving at a loom	entailment
12322	A black-haired woman in a bright red shirt works at a loom.	A woman is sewing curtains at a sewing machine	contradiction
12323	A black-haired woman in a bright red shirt works at a loom.	A woman in a red shirt is making cloth to sew into dresses	neutral
12324	A woman wearing gold jewelry weaves a beautiful piece.	A woman is wearing gold jewelry.	entailment
12325	A woman wearing gold jewelry weaves a beautiful piece.	A woman is weaving a tapestry.	neutral
12326	A woman wearing gold jewelry weaves a beautiful piece.	A woman is wearing a silver bracelet and brushing her teeth.	contradiction
12327	A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	entailment
12328	A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	A woman is weaving a rug.	neutral
12329	A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	A woman is knitting a scarf for her granddaughter.	contradiction
12330	White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day.	There is a woman in a helmet.	entailment
12331	White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day.	The woman is waiting for rainfall.	contradiction
12332	White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day.	The woman is a construction worker.	neutral
12333	A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.	This woman searches the top of a staircase for her lost purse.	contradiction
12334	A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.	A businesswoman practices her emergency escape route.	neutral
12335	A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.	This woman's head is covered.	entailment
12336	Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat.	The lady in front of the building with the green construction hat supervises her team.	neutral
12337	Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat.	The lady standing in front of the building has a purple construction hat.	contradiction
12338	Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat.	The lady in front of the building has a green construction hat.	entailment
12339	woman in green hard hat walking down the street with purse.	A woman is sitting in the chair.	contradiction
12340	woman in green hard hat walking down the street with purse.	A lady is outside on the street.	entailment
12341	woman in green hard hat walking down the street with purse.	A lady is inspecting the building project.	neutral
12342	Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	The woman is wearing a straw hat.	contradiction
12343	Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	A woman is wearing a hat.	entailment
12344	Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	The woman has a blue bag.	neutral
12345	A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon.	A woman holding a balloon.	entailment
12346	A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon.	A woman having fun at a fair.	neutral
12347	A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon.	A man hosting a magic show.	contradiction
12348	A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt.	There is a guy with a blue shirt who has red hair.	entailment
12349	A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt.	There is a woman with a yellow shit.	contradiction
12350	A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt.	There is a guy with red hair with a dark blue shirt.	neutral
12351	A boat floating in the water with seagulls flying above.	A boat floating in the water with birds perched on it.	neutral
12352	A boat floating in the water with seagulls flying above.	A seagull floating in the water with boats flying above.	contradiction
12353	A boat floating in the water with seagulls flying above.	A boat floating in the water with birds flying above.	entailment
12354	A few men on a boat in the ocean with a flock of seagulls nearby.	Fishermen on a fishing boat try to keep seagulls away from their catch.	neutral
12355	A few men on a boat in the ocean with a flock of seagulls nearby.	One man sits alone on an island.	contradiction
12356	A few men on a boat in the ocean with a flock of seagulls nearby.	There are men near a group of birds.	entailment
12357	Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.	The two people are rowing the boat on a sunny day.	neutral
12358	Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.	The two people are surfing.	contradiction
12359	Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.	The birds passed the people.	entailment
12360	Two people are rowing a boat through blue sparkling water as birds fly overhead.	The two people in the row boat are sitting quietly watching the birds fly over their head.	contradiction
12361	Two people are rowing a boat through blue sparkling water as birds fly overhead.	Birds are flying over two people in a row boat.	entailment
12362	Two people are rowing a boat through blue sparkling water as birds fly overhead.	The two people rowing the boat are watching the birds fly overhead.	neutral
12363	There are two men, one wearing a shirt, one is n't, both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air.	Two men are wearing red pants.	entailment
12364	There are two men, one wearing a shirt, one is n't, both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air.	Two men are training to be firemen.	neutral
12365	There are two men, one wearing a shirt, one is n't, both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air.	Two men are playing baseball.	contradiction
12366	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	The acrobats are stunning.	neutral
12367	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	The men's pants are red.	entailment
12368	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	Nobody has pants	contradiction
12369	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	The ladder is on the floor.	contradiction
12370	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	A person in pants	entailment
12371	Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	A tall person in pants	neutral
12372	Two men are performing a dangerous stunt on a high ladder.	Two men are working on a car.	contradiction
12373	Two men are performing a dangerous stunt on a high ladder.	Two men are performing a stunt.	entailment
12374	Two men are performing a dangerous stunt on a high ladder.	Two men are performing a stunt in a circus tent.	neutral
12375	Two men in red pants do acrobatics with a ladder.	The two men are using a metal ladder to do acrobatics for the crowd.	neutral
12376	Two men in red pants do acrobatics with a ladder.	A ladder is used to do acrobatics by the men.	entailment
12377	Two men in red pants do acrobatics with a ladder.	Two men in green pants are doing acrobatics with fire.	contradiction
12378	Two men in red pants climbing up a ladder.	The men are sitting on a couch.	contradiction
12379	Two men in red pants climbing up a ladder.	The men are wearing pants.	entailment
12380	Two men in red pants climbing up a ladder.	The men are outside.	neutral
12381	People are biking in a public walkways.	People are riding their bikes.	entailment
12382	People are biking in a public walkways.	They are running into pedestrians walking.	neutral
12383	People are biking in a public walkways.	The bikers are riding on the street in the bike lane.	contradiction
12384	A young boy is making steaks on a barbecue.	A boy cooks.	entailment
12385	A young boy is making steaks on a barbecue.	My granny does parkour.	contradiction
12386	A young boy is making steaks on a barbecue.	The barbecue is outside.	neutral
12387	Two men on a green sports field dive towards a Frisbee.	The men are going after the frisbee.	entailment
12388	Two men on a green sports field dive towards a Frisbee.	The men are on opposing teams.	neutral
12389	Two men on a green sports field dive towards a Frisbee.	The men are walking on a tightrope.	contradiction
12390	Two guys in baseball caps are trying to catch a frisbee, one has caught it.	Two men are playing frisbee.	entailment
12391	Two guys in baseball caps are trying to catch a frisbee, one has caught it.	Two men are teasing their dog with a frisbee.	neutral
12392	Two guys in baseball caps are trying to catch a frisbee, one has caught it.	Two men are playing golf.	contradiction
12393	Two people run and dive, one has a frisbee.	Two people are playing frisbee	neutral
12394	Two people run and dive, one has a frisbee.	Two people are sleep.	contradiction
12395	Two people run and dive, one has a frisbee.	Two people run and dive	entailment
12396	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	There is a woman eating in a restaurant	entailment
12397	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	There is a woman eating a burger	contradiction
12398	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	There is a woman eating swordfish in a restaurant	neutral
12399	Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three men wearing black jackets and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	entailment
12400	Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three women wearing white jackets and holding microphone hiding behind a desk.	contradiction
12401	Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three men are standing behind a desk.	entailment
12402	Three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table, waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting.	People in jackets	entailment
12403	Three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table, waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting.	Nobody has a jacket	contradiction
12404	Three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table, waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting.	Tall people in jackets	neutral
12405	Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.	The men are standing on a playing field.	entailment
12406	Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.	Some men are standing on a football field.	neutral
12407	Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.	Three men stand on a basketball court.	contradiction
12408	Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.	Three men are role playing for a concert.	neutral
12409	Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.	A woman is holding a blue microphone.	contradiction
12410	Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.	Men are standing by a desk with microphones.	entailment
12411	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A helicopter is getting ready to take off.	neutral
12412	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A member of the armed forces is photographed on a military encampment.	entailment
12413	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A man is about to give a speech.	neutral
12414	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A military man stands next to a dog.	entailment
12415	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A man is standing next to a monkey.	contradiction
12416	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A dog in a military uniform walks his human through a barren landscape.	contradiction
12417	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A military man lays in a fox hole to avoid gunfire.	contradiction
12418	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	An army general with his dog at Camp Pendleton.	neutral
12419	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A military man stands next to his dog.	neutral
12420	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	The military personnel are standing at attention.	entailment
12421	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A soldier and his dog at a military event.	entailment
12422	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	Predator is hunting the military men as they attempt to get to the choppa.	contradiction
12423	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A member of the Army is running with a gun in hand.	contradiction
12424	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A soldier and his dog stand on guard.	neutral
12425	A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A man is standing next to a dog.	entailment
12426	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Two rats running on a wheel.	contradiction
12427	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man takes a walk without his dog.	contradiction
12428	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	The two men are listening to music.	neutral
12429	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Three men are practicing synchronized swimming.	contradiction
12430	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	The uniformed men are running towards some vehicles.	contradiction
12431	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man walks his observant dog in front of people.	entailment
12432	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Two police officers wait on for a response call.	neutral
12433	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Three men and a dog standing around.	entailment
12434	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A seeing eye dog helps out.	neutral
12435	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Not all of the men have the same uniform.	entailment
12436	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Officers investigate a parking lot.	neutral
12437	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man is walking a cat.	contradiction
12438	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man is walking a dog.	entailment
12439	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	There are three men and a dog.	entailment
12440	Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	The two men are being inspected by the other man.	neutral
12441	Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog.	There are three men	entailment
12442	Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog.	The dog is stolen	neutral
12443	Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog.	The man is alone	contradiction
12444	The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend.	The army train these people for war.	neutral
12445	The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend.	The army train these people to sing.	contradiction
12446	The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend.	The army trains these people.	entailment
12447	Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street.	The women are going to work	neutral
12448	Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street.	Women are walking	entailment
12449	Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street.	The women are dressed in black	contradiction
12450	The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment	The models are are wearing sneakers.	contradiction
12451	The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment	The models are being paid well for the shoot.	neutral
12452	The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment	The models are in the middle of a photoshoot.	entailment
12453	two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	two men wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	contradiction
12454	two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	two sad women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	neutral
12455	two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	two person wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	entailment
12456	The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels.	Young girls walking in the mall.	neutral
12457	The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels.	Boys playing in the park.	contradiction
12458	The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels.	People walking in high heels.	entailment
12459	A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	The man is wearing red pants.	contradiction
12460	A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	The man is playing in a band.	neutral
12461	A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	The man is playing an instrument.	entailment
12462	A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.	Two dogs play on a rug in the living room.	contradiction
12463	A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.	A crowd of people walking and holding things.	entailment
12464	A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.	A group of women carry woven baskets and large red rugs as they walk down a street.	neutral
12465	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	People are walking down a country road.	contradiction
12466	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are walking down the street.	entailment
12467	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	people on a cruise ship in the middle of nowhere	contradiction
12468	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	people on sidewalks	entailment
12469	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	people are looking at the historic building	neutral
12470	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are in a trance and are walking off a bridge.	contradiction
12471	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	There are historical buildings in a city.	entailment
12472	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	A city with historical buildings has people on the sidewalks being abducted by aliens.	contradiction
12473	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are holding their cellphones.	neutral
12474	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are in the middle of the ocean.	contradiction
12475	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people ignoring the buildings.	neutral
12476	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	A city with historical buildings has people on the sidewalks.	entailment
12477	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are outside.	entailment
12478	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	People are looking at the historical buildings.	neutral
12479	A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	A city with historical buildings has people on the sidewalks walking very fast.	neutral
12480	Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.	People set up a stand to sell shells in a mall.	contradiction
12481	Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.	People preparing to sell items walk a beach.	entailment
12482	Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.	People are trying to sell seashell necklaces.	neutral
12483	A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.	The men are on their way to the marketplace.	neutral
12484	A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.	The men are cooking spaghetti.	contradiction
12485	A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.	The men carry their burdens.	entailment
12486	Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.	Two people are carrying a lot of things.	entailment
12487	Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.	A group of people is putting some bags in a car.	contradiction
12488	Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.	Two people are carrying their belongings away from a flooded area.	neutral
12489	A boy stands alone in a classroom.	The boy gives a presentation to a full classroom.	contradiction
12490	A boy stands alone in a classroom.	The boy is in trouble at school.	neutral
12491	A boy stands alone in a classroom.	The guy is alone in the room.	entailment
12492	A kid in a blue shirt playing on a playground.	A kid playing on a playground wearing a blue shirt	entailment
12493	A kid in a blue shirt playing on a playground.	A kid writing his homework	contradiction
12494	A kid in a blue shirt playing on a playground.	A kid playing games	neutral
12495	this Child is in a ClassRoom, finished for the day, maybe	An adult teaches a class full of children.	neutral
12496	this Child is in a ClassRoom, finished for the day, maybe	A child is in detention.	neutral
12497	this Child is in a ClassRoom, finished for the day, maybe	A child is in the classroomm.	entailment
12498	A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom.	The child is alone.	entailment
12499	A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom.	The child is reaching for a pencil.	neutral
12500	A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom.	The child is watching TV at home.	contradiction
12501	A boy standing next to a desk in classroom.	The boy is in a classroom.	entailment
12502	A boy standing next to a desk in classroom.	The boy is reading.	neutral
12503	A boy standing next to a desk in classroom.	The boy is outside.	contradiction
12504	A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom.	A small boy is in a classroom.	entailment
12505	A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom.	A small boy stands on a table.	contradiction
12506	A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom.	A small boy is in a math class.	neutral
12507	A young girl, on a road, playing on the ice.	The young girl is on a beach.	contradiction
12508	A young girl, on a road, playing on the ice.	It is winter .	neutral
12509	A young girl, on a road, playing on the ice.	The girl is outdoors on a road .	entailment
12510	Two women are observing something at a meeting.	Women are observing a power point presentation.	neutral
12511	Two women are observing something at a meeting.	Women are observing at a meeting.	entailment
12512	Two women are observing something at a meeting.	A boy is playing on his phone.	contradiction
12513	A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.	A guitar player in overalls and a hat plays outside.	entailment
12514	A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.	A cowboys plays his guitar outside.	neutral
12515	A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.	A guitar player sleeps inside the bar.	contradiction
12516	A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying.	The woman is a Muslim.	neutral
12517	A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying.	The woman is religious.	entailment
12518	A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying.	The woman is standing.	contradiction
12519	A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees, bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her.	woman on her knees	entailment
12520	A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees, bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her.	woman prays to allah	neutral
12521	A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees, bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her.	leopard in tree	contradiction
12522	A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street.	A woman is praying in the street.	neutral
12523	A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street.	A woman is on her knees in the street.	entailment
12524	A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street.	A woman is dancing in the street.	contradiction
12525	A woman praying to her gods.	A woman prays for the first time.	neutral
12526	A woman praying to her gods.	A female prays to her chosen deity.	entailment
12527	A woman praying to her gods.	A man gestures defiantly to his gods.	contradiction
12528	A man dressed in rags, a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him.	the man is dressed in a clean tuxedo	contradiction
12529	A man dressed in rags, a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him.	a man is badly dressed	entailment
12530	A man dressed in rags, a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him.	the man is a hobo	neutral
12531	A man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera.	The guy takes a photo.	neutral
12532	A man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera.	The guy is filming himself.	entailment
12533	A man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera.	The guy is taking a nap by the mirror	contradiction
12534	A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror.	the person is nude at the bay	contradiction
12535	A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror.	a person dressed up	entailment
12536	A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror.	the person is a womanizer	neutral
12537	A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.	The man is in love with a bowling ball.	contradiction
12538	A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.	The man wearing leather is taking a picture.	entailment
12539	A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.	The crystal ball is telling the man's future.	neutral
12540	A person taking pictures in the mirror.	a person taking selfies to upload to facebook	neutral
12541	A person taking pictures in the mirror.	a man holding his son	contradiction
12542	A person taking pictures in the mirror.	a person taking selfies	entailment
12543	A girl swims in the blue-green waters.	Girl standing in the snow	contradiction
12544	A girl swims in the blue-green waters.	Girl swimming outside	entailment
12545	A girl swims in the blue-green waters.	Girl swimming in a calm bay	neutral
12546	Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs are playing in a park.	neutral
12547	Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
12548	Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs are playing.	entailment
12549	A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.	The woman owns the dogs.	neutral
12550	A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.	The woman is watching sports.	contradiction
12551	A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.	A woman is crouching.	entailment
12552	Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	Dogs are standing and a person is sitting next to them.	entailment
12553	Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	Three cats are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	contradiction
12554	Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	Three dogs are standing in the grass and their owner is sitting next to them	neutral
12555	Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.	a little boy jumps	entailment
12556	Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.	the boy is hiding under his bed	contradiction
12557	Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.	the boy is ten years old	neutral
12558	Three dogs on a grassy hill	three dogs are in a restaurant	contradiction
12559	Three dogs on a grassy hill	Three dogs are outside	entailment
12560	Three dogs on a grassy hill	three dogs are playing	neutral
12561	A girl dancing with four boys watching.	The four boys like her	neutral
12562	A girl dancing with four boys watching.	A girl is dancing with one of the four	contradiction
12563	A girl dancing with four boys watching.	A girl is moving her feet	entailment
12564	A group of teenagers stand in a park.	The teenagers stand in the park enjoying the sunshine.	neutral
12565	A group of teenagers stand in a park.	The group of adolescents are at the park.	entailment
12566	A group of teenagers stand in a park.	A group of teenagers are running through the park.	contradiction
12567	A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree	young children talk under a tree	entailment
12568	A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree	kids are sitting near a tree	neutral
12569	A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree	adults are fighting with each other	contradiction
12570	The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.	Six kids are under a tree.	entailment
12571	The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.	Six kids place inside.	contradiction
12572	The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.	Six kids are conversing outside.	neutral
12573	Teenagers socializing in the shade.	A man is dancing	contradiction
12574	Teenagers socializing in the shade.	Teenagers are hanging together	entailment
12575	Teenagers socializing in the shade.	They are nerds	neutral
12576	A young woman in a pink top holds several shopping bags while walking down a boulevard.	A woman is walking down the street holding nothing.	contradiction
12577	A young woman in a pink top holds several shopping bags while walking down a boulevard.	A woman just went shopping.	neutral
12578	A young woman in a pink top holds several shopping bags while walking down a boulevard.	A woman is walking down a street.	entailment
12579	A child and parent pet a horse.	A mule kicks a clown.	contradiction
12580	A child and parent pet a horse.	Two people riding a pony.	entailment
12581	A child and parent pet a horse.	A mother and her daughter are outside.	neutral
12582	A family pets a brown and white pony	A dog jumps.	contradiction
12583	A family pets a brown and white pony	A family pets a pony at a farm.	neutral
12584	A family pets a brown and white pony	A group of people pet a pony.	entailment
12585	A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.	A young child is petting the animal.	entailment
12586	A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.	A young boy is petting a dual colored pony.	neutral
12587	A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.	The old man is riding on a pony away from police.	contradiction
12588	The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	The woman holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	contradiction
12589	The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	The person holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	entailment
12590	The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	The sad man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	neutral
12591	Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	Several men are standing in line at the cinema.	contradiction
12592	Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	The men are sitting outside.	entailment
12593	Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	The men are eating lunch.	neutral
12594	A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk.	a group of men relax	entailment
12595	A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk.	a group of men are lazy	neutral
12596	A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk.	a group of men are smoking in the sewer	contradiction
12597	A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.	There are people playing football.	contradiction
12598	A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.	There is a family playing around a barn.	neutral
12599	A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.	There are people around a barn.	entailment
12600	The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.	the women wait	contradiction
12601	The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.	the gentlemen wait	entailment
12602	The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.	the younger gentlemen wait	neutral
12603	A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.	A kid leaps from a stool.	entailment
12604	A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.	A small girl jumps off a tall yellow stool in the kitchen.	neutral
12605	A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.	An old man sits on a bench with a fishing pole.	contradiction
12606	A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice.	There is a little girl outside.	entailment
12607	A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice.	A small girl is playing hockey outside.	neutral
12608	A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice.	A couple is kissing on the beach.	contradiction
12609	Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop.	A man is writing a email to his wife.	neutral
12610	Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop.	A man is walking across the floor.	contradiction
12611	Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop.	There is a man holding a laptop.	entailment
12612	There are a variety of produce goods at a market.	The market only has one type of vegetable.	contradiction
12613	There are a variety of produce goods at a market.	The market has a lot of different produce.	entailment
12614	There are a variety of produce goods at a market.	The market carries organic vegetables.	neutral
12615	A man is cleaning a large boulder laying on a pallet.	The man is sitting inside the church, praying.	contradiction
12616	A man is cleaning a large boulder laying on a pallet.	The man is near the boulder.	entailment
12617	A man is cleaning a large boulder laying on a pallet.	The man works for the city.	neutral
12618	An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks.	A painter paints a house.	contradiction
12619	An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks.	An artist sculpting.	entailment
12620	An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks.	An artists works in front of the university.	neutral
12621	A rock sculptor working on a rock.	A person is sculpting a rock.	entailment
12622	A rock sculptor working on a rock.	A person throwing a rock in the pond.	contradiction
12623	A rock sculptor working on a rock.	Someone is making a piece of art with a rock.	neutral
12624	Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.	A woman is walking by a store.	entailment
12625	Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.	The woman is walking home.	neutral
12626	Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.	The woman is flying on a broom to the moon.	contradiction
12627	Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner.	Women color eggs.	contradiction
12628	Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner.	The people enjoy the church dinner.	entailment
12629	Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner.	They all gather for the easter dinner.	neutral
12630	A sculptor is carving stone.	A sculptor is carving	entailment
12631	A sculptor is carving stone.	A sculptor is carving fast	neutral
12632	A sculptor is carving stone.	A sculptor is carving diamonds	contradiction
12633	Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory.	The man is smiling while working.	neutral
12634	Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory.	The man is not smiling.	contradiction
12635	Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory.	The man is smiling.	entailment
12636	A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.	The men are sitting in a hot tub.	contradiction
12637	A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.	There are empty whiskey bottles on the table.	neutral
12638	A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.	There are empty bottles on the table.	entailment
12639	The dog is jumping into the lake.	A dog kneeling to its master.	contradiction
12640	The dog is jumping into the lake.	An animal jumping.	entailment
12641	The dog is jumping into the lake.	Cooling off on a hot day.	neutral
12642	A woman with a blue bandanna riding a horse with a group of other horses and riders in the background.	The horse is being rode.	entailment
12643	A woman with a blue bandanna riding a horse with a group of other horses and riders in the background.	The bandanna is red.	contradiction
12644	A woman with a blue bandanna riding a horse with a group of other horses and riders in the background.	The horses are race horses.	neutral
12645	The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.	The dog is swimming to shore.	contradiction
12646	The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.	The animal is preparing to jump into the water.	entailment
12647	The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.	The dog is going to stop right before getting to the water.	neutral
12648	A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.	A cat is swimming in the tub.	contradiction
12649	A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.	A dog jumps into the water by a field.	entailment
12650	A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.	A dog is going after a ball his handler threw into the water.	neutral
12651	A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland.	The black lab is standing still by the ocean.	contradiction
12652	A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland.	The black lab is chasing ducks.	neutral
12653	A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime, on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside.	The hiker is asleep on the couch.	contradiction
12654	A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime, on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside.	The hiker is outdoors.	entailment
12655	A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime, on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside.	The hiker is searching for a scenic spot.	neutral
12656	A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.	a person is in front of a white building	entailment
12657	A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.	a man is walking in front of a white candy shop	neutral
12658	A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.	there is no one within miles of the white building	contradiction
12659	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A hipster admires a building with an ugly balcony while wearing a terrible outfit.	neutral
12660	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	The dog is swimming in the lake.	contradiction
12661	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person is sleeping.	contradiction
12662	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person is outside.	entailment
12663	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A naked man runs down the hall.	contradiction
12664	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person walking down the street.	entailment
12665	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	Someone is walking down the street.	entailment
12666	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	The man in the picture is outside	entailment
12667	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person is in Chicago.	neutral
12668	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	Someone is walking home.	neutral
12669	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A city municipal worker begins to cut down the tree in the park across from the office building.	contradiction
12670	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A man walks to the local theater as night falls on the town.	neutral
12671	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	Someone walks down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a structure.	entailment
12672	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A man in a blue hat walking.	contradiction
12673	A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person walking down the street in NYC.	neutral
12674	A person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door.	A person walking outside.	entailment
12675	A person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door.	A person is sitting down.	contradiction
12676	A person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door.	A person is a hiker.	neutral
12677	Two hikers scale a tiered hillside.	a group of people sitting around	contradiction
12678	Two hikers scale a tiered hillside.	a couple of people go up a hill	entailment
12679	Two hikers scale a tiered hillside.	two friends go for a hike	neutral
12680	A person with a red hat is walking down the street.	A person wearing a red cap is walking quickly down the boulevard.	neutral
12681	A person with a red hat is walking down the street.	A woman in a red dress is running down the lane.	contradiction
12682	A person with a red hat is walking down the street.	A red-hatted person is ambling along the road.	entailment
12683	A barefoot toddler wearing a yellow blouse and a floral print skirt holds a green toy up to her mouth with her right hand while standing on a blanket out in the yard and clinging with her left hand to some adult's hand.	The child holds the hand of an adult.	entailment
12684	A barefoot toddler wearing a yellow blouse and a floral print skirt holds a green toy up to her mouth with her right hand while standing on a blanket out in the yard and clinging with her left hand to some adult's hand.	The child is the adult's offspring.	neutral
12685	A barefoot toddler wearing a yellow blouse and a floral print skirt holds a green toy up to her mouth with her right hand while standing on a blanket out in the yard and clinging with her left hand to some adult's hand.	The child is taking the dog for a walk.	contradiction
12686	A little girl dressed in yellow with something in her mouth.	A little girl spits out of her mouth.	contradiction
12687	A little girl dressed in yellow with something in her mouth.	A girl is wearing yellow clothes.	entailment
12688	A little girl dressed in yellow with something in her mouth.	A little girl is wearing a yellow dress while eating a lollipop.	neutral
12689	A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy.	Toddler drinks from a sippy-cup.	contradiction
12690	A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy.	Toddler chews on toy because of her teeth coming in.	neutral
12691	A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy.	Toddler chews on toy.	entailment
12692	A little girls sits on a blanket and chews a toy.	Baby having fun with her father and toys.	neutral
12693	A little girls sits on a blanket and chews a toy.	Teething baby playing on the floor.	entailment
12694	A little girls sits on a blanket and chews a toy.	Dog chews on rubber bone.	contradiction
12695	Six kids splash in water	Kids are in water.	entailment
12696	Six kids splash in water	An adult sits in a chair.	contradiction
12697	Six kids splash in water	Kids are in a pool.	neutral
12698	Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.	A single adult waters her lawn.	contradiction
12699	Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.	A group of children play in the water.	entailment
12700	Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.	A group of boys splash in the water.	neutral
12701	People are walking in the shade.	People are sleep outside	contradiction
12702	People are walking in the shade.	It is very sunny outside.	neutral
12703	People are walking in the shade.	People are in the shade	entailment
12704	Kids play in the water	The kids are enjoying the water.	neutral
12705	Kids play in the water	Kids playing in water.	entailment
12706	Kids play in the water	Adults are playing in water.	contradiction
12707	A farm woman wearing blue waders, a pink shirt, and a straw hat is harvesting rice in a paddock.	The pink skirt is tucked into the waders.	neutral
12708	A farm woman wearing blue waders, a pink shirt, and a straw hat is harvesting rice in a paddock.	There is a cow providing assistance with the rice harvest.	contradiction
12709	A farm woman wearing blue waders, a pink shirt, and a straw hat is harvesting rice in a paddock.	The woman knows how to harvest rice.	entailment
12710	Girls in a line do a dance.	There are girls in a line.	entailment
12711	Girls in a line do a dance.	Some girls in a line are doing a dance with eachother.	entailment
12712	Girls in a line do a dance.	The girls in a line are sleeping.	contradiction
12713	A lady holding a little girl's hand in a subway.	Two sisters hold hands on a tram.	contradiction
12714	A lady holding a little girl's hand in a subway.	An woman clutches a young girl's hand in an underground train.	entailment
12715	A lady holding a little girl's hand in a subway.	An older female grasps a young female's hands on the train.	neutral
12716	A man in a blue hat sits on a bench.	the man is sitting in a park	neutral
12717	A man in a blue hat sits on a bench.	the man is standing	contradiction
12718	A man in a blue hat sits on a bench.	the man is wearing blue clothes	entailment
12719	A man in a black shirt sitting on a park bench.	The man is outdoors.	entailment
12720	A man in a black shirt sitting on a park bench.	The man is sitting at home on the sofa.	contradiction
12721	A man in a black shirt sitting on a park bench.	The man is asian.	neutral
12722	A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.	A man in a black baseball cap is waiting to be put in the game.	neutral
12723	A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.	A man is running toward first base.	contradiction
12724	A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.	A man is relaxing	entailment
12725	A man in blue jeans and hat is sitting outdoors on a bench.	The man is leaning back.	neutral
12726	A man in blue jeans and hat is sitting outdoors on a bench.	The man has legs.	entailment
12727	A man in blue jeans and hat is sitting outdoors on a bench.	The man is on fire.	contradiction
12728	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is reading alone on a bench.	neutral
12729	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is sitting.	entailment
12730	A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is standing.	contradiction
12731	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man sits alone on a bench eating his lunch	neutral
12732	A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is waiting on someone.	neutral
12733	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man occupys a bench.	entailment
12734	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is on a bench.	entailment
12735	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is standing alone on a bench.	contradiction
12736	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man waits for his ride.	neutral
12737	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man walks across the road.	contradiction
12738	A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is standing.	contradiction
12739	A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is sitting.	entailment
12740	A man sits alone on a bench.	A man sits with his friend on a bench	contradiction
12741	A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is reading a paper.	neutral
12742	A man sits alone on a bench.	There is a person sitting	entailment
12743	Two young men write in their journals in an airport.	There are people in an airport.	entailment
12744	Two young men write in their journals in an airport.	Two young men are playing video games while waiting for their plane.	contradiction
12745	Two young men write in their journals in an airport.	Two young men are waiting for their flight.	neutral
12746	A man in a blue hat is sitting on the steps of a statue in an Asian area.	the man is a tourist	neutral
12747	A man in a blue hat is sitting on the steps of a statue in an Asian area.	the man is making the statue	contradiction
12748	A man in a blue hat is sitting on the steps of a statue in an Asian area.	the area is crowded	entailment
12749	A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter.	A woman is preparing snacks.	entailment
12750	A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter.	A woman is fixing dinner.	contradiction
12751	A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter.	A grandmother gets some snacks ready for the afternoon field trip.	neutral
12752	A group of people have gathered in a grassy field on a sunny day.	The people are sitting inside watching a movie	contradiction
12753	A group of people have gathered in a grassy field on a sunny day.	The people are laughing and smiling	neutral
12754	A group of people have gathered in a grassy field on a sunny day.	Some people are in a field	entailment
12755	A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.	The small dog is standing on the window ledge inside.	contradiction
12756	A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.	The small dog is in the grass outside.	entailment
12757	A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.	The small dog is biting the yellow tube.	neutral
12758	A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.	A brown dog is running down a hill.	contradiction
12759	A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.	A white dog is walking through a yellow tube.	entailment
12760	A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.	A white dog is chasing a mouse through a yellow tube.	neutral
12761	A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.	The dog is on the bed.	contradiction
12762	A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.	The dog is small.	entailment
12763	A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.	The dog is not supposed to be outside.	neutral
12764	A group of runners is trying to complete a race.	A group of runners are cooking.	contradiction
12765	A group of runners is trying to complete a race.	A group of all male runners are competing.	neutral
12766	A group of runners is trying to complete a race.	People are performing a physical activity.	entailment
12767	Two passengers work on writing in their journals while waiting for a plane.	Passengers are waiting since their flight has been delayed.	neutral
12768	Two passengers work on writing in their journals while waiting for a plane.	Passengers are taking a nap before their flight.	contradiction
12769	Two passengers work on writing in their journals while waiting for a plane.	Passengers are waiting for a plane.	entailment
12770	A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.	A dog is running through an obstacle course.	neutral
12771	A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.	An animal is in a tube.	entailment
12772	A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.	A dog is sitting.	contradiction
12773	A man sits on the base of a statue.	A man sits on the base of a statue after running out of breath.	neutral
12774	A man sits on the base of a statue.	The base of a statue has a man sitting on it.	entailment
12775	A man sits on the base of a statue.	A school teacher leads a group of children through a park.	contradiction
12776	The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.	The girls' outfits were from the same company.	neutral
12777	The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.	The girls danced in leather outfits.	entailment
12778	The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.	The cotton of the outfits were too small.	contradiction
12779	A woman wearing a green shirt is sliding down a purple slide.	The woman is enjoying herself	neutral
12780	A woman wearing a green shirt is sliding down a purple slide.	The woman is inside her house	contradiction
12781	A woman wearing a green shirt is sliding down a purple slide.	She is near a playground	entailment
12782	a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air.	A woman is playing on the playground.	neutral
12783	a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air.	The woman is on the slide.	entailment
12784	a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air.	The girl in the blue shirt is on the swings.	contradiction
12785	Woman riding down a pink slide with arms raised.	A woman on a slide.	entailment
12786	Woman riding down a pink slide with arms raised.	A woman on her first slide.	neutral
12787	Woman riding down a pink slide with arms raised.	A man on a slide.	contradiction
12788	A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.	A mother of three is riding down a festival slide in a green tank top.	neutral
12789	A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.	A lady is riding down a slide.	entailment
12790	A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.	A blonde in a blue top is riding a horse.	contradiction
12791	A girl goes down a slide on a gray sack.	A young female is playing on the playground.	neutral
12792	A girl goes down a slide on a gray sack.	The girl is dancing in a fountain.	contradiction
12793	A girl goes down a slide on a gray sack.	A female is playing.	entailment
12794	A man is hooking some wires up to test a guitar.	A guy hooks up wires to a guitar.	entailment
12795	A man is hooking some wires up to test a guitar.	The man is playing his drumset.	contradiction
12796	A man is hooking some wires up to test a guitar.	A man hooks up red wires to test a blue guitar	neutral
12797	A small dog jumping on a street.	The running in street with dog is sleepingc	contradiction
12798	A small dog jumping on a street.	A dog is having fun running on the street	entailment
12799	A small dog jumping on a street.	A dog is having fun running on the street cashing a cat	neutral
12800	The dog is jumping in the air.	The dog is jumping.	entailment
12801	The dog is jumping in the air.	the dog is sleeping.	contradiction
12802	The dog is jumping in the air.	the dog is happy	neutral
12803	A little white dog jumping on the ground.	A dog jumps for the ball.	neutral
12804	A little white dog jumping on the ground.	A dog is asleep.	contradiction
12805	A little white dog jumping on the ground.	A dog jumps.	entailment
12806	A white dog is jumping on the street.	The dog is playing a game with its owner.	neutral
12807	A white dog is jumping on the street.	The dog is outside.	entailment
12808	A white dog is jumping on the street.	The dog is sitting still on the street.	contradiction
12809	An old man with a camera staring at art in a park.	The old man is taking pictures of the artwork.	neutral
12810	An old man with a camera staring at art in a park.	The old man is looking at the artwork.	entailment
12811	An old man with a camera staring at art in a park.	The old man is smoking a joint at the zoo with his son.	contradiction
12812	A dog leaps down the road.	The dog is going somewhere.	entailment
12813	A dog leaps down the road.	The dog is having fun.	neutral
12814	A dog leaps down the road.	The dog is sitting, scratching itself.	contradiction
12815	Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.	Two men are the M.C.s at a pool party	neutral
12816	Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.	Men are holding some objects.	entailment
12817	Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.	A woman is giving a speech.	contradiction
12818	A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.	The man is dressed as a fireman.	contradiction
12819	A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.	The man is on an animal.	entailment
12820	A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.	The horse is black.	neutral
12821	A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	guy on a horse at a medieval times reenactment.	entailment
12822	A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	A person sitting on a cow with a green background.	contradiction
12823	A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	A person on a horse.	entailment
12824	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse and carries his shield.	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, joyously rides his horse	neutral
12825	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse and carries his shield.	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, doesn't ride his horse	contradiction
12826	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse and carries his shield.	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse	entailment
12827	A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.	A boy grabs a picnic basket.	contradiction
12828	A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.	Theres a woman walking with food.	entailment
12829	A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.	A girl has a basket full of goodies.	neutral
12830	Someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.	the person is wearing armor	entailment
12831	Someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.	the person is a knight	neutral
12832	Someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.	there are dogs on a horse	contradiction
12833	A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed	A woman gets her nails done at the spa.	contradiction
12834	A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed	A wooman getting her hair done at the salon.	entailment
12835	A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed	The stylist works on a woman's hair while she reads a magazine.	neutral
12836	Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.	Salon customer changing her hairstyle to a radical new look	neutral
12837	Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.	Customer in beauty salon is having her hair done	entailment
12838	Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.	Woman is taking a class in self defense at the local school	contradiction
12839	The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.	men are swimming in the pool	contradiction
12840	The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.	the women are at the hair stylist	neutral
12841	The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.	woman is staring at another female	entailment
12842	A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.	A person is touching someones hair.	entailment
12843	A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.	A lady is setting someones hair on fire.	contradiction
12844	A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.	A lady is touching someones hair.	neutral
12845	Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.	Kids outside playing.	entailment
12846	Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.	One child is being left out of the game.	neutral
12847	Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.	Cows on the side of the road.	contradiction
12848	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	a lady gets a perm	neutral
12849	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	a guy gets a shave	contradiction
12850	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	a person getting a haircut	entailment
12851	Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.	Three women are climbing a mountain.	neutral
12852	Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.	Six people are sitting around a campfire on a mountain.	contradiction
12853	Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.	Three people are skiing.	entailment
12854	Hockey players in yellow, orange, and blue jerseys smash against the rink's edge, as attendees look on.	One player slams another into the wall during a hockey game.	neutral
12855	Hockey players in yellow, orange, and blue jerseys smash against the rink's edge, as attendees look on.	A pinball machine is lit up in green and red neon lights.	contradiction
12856	Hockey players in yellow, orange, and blue jerseys smash against the rink's edge, as attendees look on.	Hockey players check into the walls of the rink.	entailment
12857	Two men in construction clothing and hard hats standing on scaffolding	Everyone is nude.	contradiction
12858	Two men in construction clothing and hard hats standing on scaffolding	They are welding.	neutral
12859	Two men in construction clothing and hard hats standing on scaffolding	People are off the ground.	entailment
12860	Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.	Four people are playing a sport.	entailment
12861	Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.	The four woman are making Christmas tree ornaments.	contradiction
12862	Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.	The four women are practicing for a upcoming match.	neutral
12863	A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	A person in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	entailment
12864	A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	A sad man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	neutral
12865	A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	A woman in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	contradiction
12866	An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building.	The man is looking at the building he is painting.	neutral
12867	An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building.	The man has a brown shirt on.	contradiction
12868	An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building.	The man has paints.	entailment
12869	A man is painting a landscape.	A man is finger painting.	neutral
12870	A man is painting a landscape.	A person is making art.	entailment
12871	A man is painting a landscape.	A person is outdoors painting what he sees.	neutral
12872	A man painting a building on the street.	The person is outside.	entailment
12873	A man painting a building on the street.	The person is eating dinner inside.	contradiction
12874	A man painting a building on the street.	The person is getting paid to paint.	neutral
12875	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The woman is talking to her dog.	contradiction
12876	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman sits on the steps.	entailment
12877	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The woman is waiting for someone.	neutral
12878	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman wearing shoes is sitting on some steps.	entailment
12879	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman wearing a jacket sits on the steps.	neutral
12880	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman sitting on some steps is waiting for her ride.	neutral
12881	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman had just got done playing tennis.	neutral
12882	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The brunette woman wearing tennis shoes was playing tennis.	neutral
12883	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The brunette woman was standing by the steps.	contradiction
12884	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman with no shoes stands on the sidewalk.	contradiction
12885	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A lady is sitting down outside.	entailment
12886	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman was taking a shower.	contradiction
12887	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman wearing shoes is sitting.	entailment
12888	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The brunette woman is sitting.	entailment
12889	A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman is sitting on some steps barefoot.	contradiction
12890	A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.	The Caucasian man at the nightclub is singing into the microphone.	contradiction
12891	A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.	The man speaking into the microphone is has his hair cut in an afro style.	neutral
12892	A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.	A man in the nightclub is speaking to others using a microphone.	entailment
12893	Man climbing a sheet rock face.	A man climbs.	entailment
12894	Man climbing a sheet rock face.	Man climbing a sheet rock face and his hands are dirty.	neutral
12895	Man climbing a sheet rock face.	Man climbing a rope in the middle of a gym.	contradiction
12896	Two hockey players with black jerseys and two players with white jerseys vie for the puck against the glass.	There are four hockey players vying for the puck.	entailment
12897	Two hockey players with black jerseys and two players with white jerseys vie for the puck against the glass.	The hockey players are sitting on the ice.	contradiction
12898	Two hockey players with black jerseys and two players with white jerseys vie for the puck against the glass.	The hockey players are in a championship game.	neutral
12899	A man in a headband climbing a rock.	A man wears a headband while climbing a rock because it is hot outside.	neutral
12900	A man in a headband climbing a rock.	A man with a headband climbs a rock.	entailment
12901	A man in a headband climbing a rock.	A man in a hat walks in the water on the beach.	contradiction
12902	Man in red headband climbing a rock	A person rock climbing	neutral
12903	Man in red headband climbing a rock	A man climbing	entailment
12904	Man in red headband climbing a rock	A woman climbing a rock	contradiction
12905	A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench.	A man is taking a nap.	neutral
12906	A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench.	A man is outside.	entailment
12907	A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench.	A man is on his couch.	contradiction
12908	An old man is napping on a park bench.	While at a park an old man is taking nap with his dog	neutral
12909	An old man is napping on a park bench.	Pooping on a bench while sleeping	contradiction
12910	An old man is napping on a park bench.	While at a park an old man is taking nap	entailment
12911	A man in a suit dozes on a park bench, with a sign for the subway in the background.	The man is fully awake.	contradiction
12912	A man in a suit dozes on a park bench, with a sign for the subway in the background.	A man is sleeping in a park bench.	entailment
12913	A man in a suit dozes on a park bench, with a sign for the subway in the background.	The man is homeless.	neutral
12914	An older man in a suit and salmon tie dozes on a city bench.	An older man fell asleep while reading the newspaper on a bench.	neutral
12915	An older man in a suit and salmon tie dozes on a city bench.	A man is on a bench outside.	entailment
12916	An older man in a suit and salmon tie dozes on a city bench.	The man is walking around the city.	contradiction
12917	child out in the woods loading a bb gun	man out in the woods loading a bb gun	contradiction
12918	child out in the woods loading a bb gun	child out in the woods loading a big bb gun	neutral
12919	child out in the woods loading a bb gun	kids out in the woods loading a bb gun	entailment
12920	a sleeping man in a city area.	There's a guy sleeping.	entailment
12921	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man catches up on his sleep on a city park bench.	neutral
12922	a sleeping man in a city area.	The man is awake.	contradiction
12923	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man is in a city.	neutral
12924	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man walking around the city.	contradiction
12925	a sleeping man in a city area.	This man is about to wake up in the city.	neutral
12926	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man is asleep.	entailment
12927	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man goes for a walk.	contradiction
12928	a sleeping man in a city area.	A homeless man sleeps on a bench.	neutral
12929	a sleeping man in a city area.	A woman sleeps in a high priced hotel.	contradiction
12930	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man finds himself snoozing in a metropolitan area.	entailment
12931	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man wide awake in the countryside	contradiction
12932	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man sleeps.	entailment
12933	a sleeping man in a city area.	The man is sick.	neutral
12934	a sleeping man in a city area.	A man sleeps in the city.	entailment
12935	Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.	A person is cuddling with two puppies.	neutral
12936	Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.	Puppies are playing with a ball.	contradiction
12937	Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.	A person is holding puppies.	entailment
12938	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	A group of women are dancing outside.	contradiction
12939	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men are playing trumpets together.	entailment
12940	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two guys are playing instruments together.	entailment
12941	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	There are three men playing trumpets.	contradiction
12942	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	The girls are playing music on a French horn.	contradiction
12943	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Men wearing different colored jackets play the trumpet.	entailment
12944	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two guys are playing trumpets to entertain a group.	neutral
12945	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men listen to their favorite band while riding in the car.	contradiction
12946	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	The two trumpet players are brothers.	neutral
12947	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	The students are playing the trumpet for the school choir.	neutral
12948	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men play an instrument.	entailment
12949	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two guys are playing guitars.	contradiction
12950	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	A bunch of men are practicing their instruments.	neutral
12951	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men play their favorite song together.	neutral
12952	Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two students are playing the trumpet.	entailment
12953	Two men walk in the park, one with a shaggy dog on a leash and a device for cleaning up canine droppings.	The dog isn't shaggy	contradiction
12954	Two men walk in the park, one with a shaggy dog on a leash and a device for cleaning up canine droppings.	There are two men	entailment
12955	Two men walk in the park, one with a shaggy dog on a leash and a device for cleaning up canine droppings.	The dog is grey	neutral
12956	A man holds two puppies.	a man is taking a photo of a shark while deep sea diving	contradiction
12957	A man holds two puppies.	a man can hold the puppies	entailment
12958	A man holds two puppies.	a man is holding newborn puppies	neutral
12959	A man in a white, red, yellow, and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on.	The man is wearing a cowboy hat.	neutral
12960	A man in a white, red, yellow, and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on.	The man is alone and asleep in his bedroom on the moon.	contradiction
12961	A man in a white, red, yellow, and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on.	There are at least 2 people.	entailment
12962	Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.	A tall man is reading a book.	contradiction
12963	Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.	A rodeo clown distracts a bull away from a bull rider.	neutral
12964	Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.	A man and a bull are in an arena.	entailment
12965	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Nobody is watching	contradiction
12966	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	This is happening in Spain	neutral
12967	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	A man in a stadium	entailment
12968	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	A tall man in a stadium	neutral
12969	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The audience are watching a man being chased by the bull.	entailment
12970	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The man is riding the bull on the streets.	contradiction
12971	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The matador swings his red cape at a bull fight, with onlookers holding their breaths.	neutral
12972	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The man is being brave in front of the bull.	neutral
12973	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The bull is inside a stadium	entailment
12974	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The stadium is empty	contradiction
12975	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Onlookers view a person and an animal in close proximity to each other.	entailment
12976	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	There is no one watching the man being chased by the bull.	contradiction
12977	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Two goats meander lazily in their pasture, chewing on green summer grass.	contradiction
12978	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	A man is in a stadium.	entailment
12979	A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The man is not afraid of the bull.	neutral
12980	People picking up trash in the park.	Dolphins jump through rings of fire.	contradiction
12981	People picking up trash in the park.	There are people outdoors	entailment
12982	People picking up trash in the park.	A group of people are cleaning up the park.	entailment
12983	People picking up trash in the park.	People use grabbers to clean up trash in the park.	neutral
12984	People picking up trash in the park.	People cleaning up the park.	entailment
12985	People picking up trash in the park.	they are eating the trash	contradiction
12986	People picking up trash in the park.	some people are outside	entailment
12987	People picking up trash in the park.	There is one person littering by himself in the park	contradiction
12988	People picking up trash in the park.	Some people are outside at a park.	entailment
12989	People picking up trash in the park.	Some people are picking up trash to conserve the environment.	neutral
12990	People picking up trash in the park.	These people gather to collect garbage left in the park every Saturday.	neutral
12991	People picking up trash in the park.	The people are at the movies.	contradiction
12992	People picking up trash in the park.	The people are sitting around at a park doing nothing.	contradiction
12993	People picking up trash in the park.	some people pick up candy wrappers	neutral
12994	People picking up trash in the park.	There is a group of people picking up trash and placing it in a pile	neutral
12995	A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled "Grandma's Predictions."	A girl poses for a picture to advertise her new board game.	neutral
12996	A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled "Grandma's Predictions."	A jogger stumbles.	contradiction
12997	A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled "Grandma's Predictions."	A girl in a blue shirt.	entailment
12998	An African woman makes pots.	The woman is from Africa.	entailment
12999	An African woman makes pots.	A woman is stomping an anthill.	contradiction
13000	An African woman makes pots.	An African woman is dancing by the fire.	contradiction
13001	An African woman makes pots.	The woman likes her job.	neutral
13002	An African woman makes pots.	There is a woman making something.	entailment
13003	An African woman makes pots.	A black woman is teaching a friend how to make pottery.	neutral
13004	An African woman makes pots.	A woman makes pots.	entailment
13005	An African woman makes pots.	There is a woman eating crackers.	contradiction
13006	An African woman makes pots.	There is a woman making things in a street market.	neutral
13007	An African woman makes pots.	The woman makes toothpaste.	contradiction
13008	An African woman makes pots.	A woman is making pottery.	entailment
13009	An African woman makes pots.	A white woman makes pots in her house.	contradiction
13010	An African woman makes pots.	An african woman makes pots.	entailment
13011	An African woman makes pots.	A woman is making pots to carry water in.	neutral
13012	An African woman makes pots.	An african woman makes pots to carry water.	neutral
13013	Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.	After raking, the children jumped in to the leaves.	neutral
13014	Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.	The child jumped into the leaves.	contradiction
13015	Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.	The children leaped into a pile of leaves.	entailment
13016	A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery.	There are several thrown pots drying beside her.	neutral
13017	A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery.	The woman is watching someone else throw a pot.	contradiction
13018	A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery.	A woman is throwing a pot.	entailment
13019	Dark-skinned woman creates beautiful native pottery outdoors.	The woman makes poterry	neutral
13020	Dark-skinned woman creates beautiful native pottery outdoors.	The woman is outside	entailment
13021	Dark-skinned woman creates beautiful native pottery outdoors.	the woman is sleeping.	contradiction
13022	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman sleeping on a park bench.	contradiction
13023	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman has her hands full.	entailment
13024	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is in an empty room.	contradiction
13025	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	An African woman holding two pots.	entailment
13026	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is working.	neutral
13027	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is holding a holding a child in each arm.	contradiction
13028	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	An African woman holds a pot.	entailment
13029	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is near the pots.	entailment
13030	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is holding pots	entailment
13031	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman lifting things.	neutral
13032	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is holding pots as she prepares to cook.	neutral
13033	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is picking up broken pieces of pottery	contradiction
13034	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A child plays with a hula hoop.	contradiction
13035	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is in Africa.	neutral
13036	An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is washing her hands	neutral
13037	A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.	A duck is swimming in a pond.	contradiction
13038	A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.	A woman is making pottery.	entailment
13039	A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.	A woman is taking a pottery class.	neutral
13040	A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.	The man is doing bicycle tricks.	entailment
13041	A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.	The man is walking on a dirt mound.	contradiction
13042	A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.	The man is riding his bicycle on a stunt course	neutral
13043	A worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure.	the workers were outside	neutral
13044	A worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure.	the two workers were working together	entailment
13045	A worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure.	the workers did not work today because it was raining	contradiction
13046	A complete dog sled team in motion.	The dog sled team raced for the finish.	neutral
13047	A complete dog sled team in motion.	The dog sled team is in motion.	entailment
13048	A complete dog sled team in motion.	An in-complete dog sled team stopped for a rest.	contradiction
13049	Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.	Three people are pulling a sled full of dogs.	contradiction
13050	Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.	Two people are being pulled by dogs on a sled through the park.	neutral
13051	Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.	Sled dogs are pulling two people.	entailment
13052	Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.	Two people are sleeping in bed.	contradiction
13053	Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.	Two people are dog sledding.	entailment
13054	Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.	Two people are in a dog sledding race.	neutral
13055	A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.	The tourists are enjoying a sled ride with dogs.	neutral
13056	A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.	The crowd is on a bus.	contradiction
13057	A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.	People are near some dogs.	entailment
13058	Two bald drag queens in red dresses	the women are fighting	contradiction
13059	Two bald drag queens in red dresses	2 drag queens are in red dresses	entailment
13060	Two bald drag queens in red dresses	2 drag queens are going to put wigs on	neutral
13061	Four runners are racing at in indoor track meet.	Four runners are walking at an outdoor track meet.	contradiction
13062	Four runners are racing at in indoor track meet.	Four runners are racing for their lives to reach the finishing line at in indoor track meet.	neutral
13063	Four runners are racing at in indoor track meet.	People are running indoors.	entailment
13064	A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.	The man pushes a shopping cart.	entailment
13065	A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.	The man just bought food.	neutral
13066	A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.	The man is wearing a fruit basket on his heat.	contradiction
13067	a man wearing a coat and rain hat pushes a blue shopping cart loaded with his belongings across a street.	A shopper gets his goods to his vehicle.	neutral
13068	a man wearing a coat and rain hat pushes a blue shopping cart loaded with his belongings across a street.	A foolish man runs around in a shopping cart hitting people.	contradiction
13069	a man wearing a coat and rain hat pushes a blue shopping cart loaded with his belongings across a street.	A man in a raincoat moves some objects around.	entailment
13070	Four men running on a track inside.	Men running on a track.	entailment
13071	Four men running on a track inside.	Men are practicing for their competition.	neutral
13072	Four men running on a track inside.	Men are walking on a track.	contradiction
13073	A man pushes a shopping cart full of aluminum cans.	A man is pushing a shopping cart.	entailment
13074	A man pushes a shopping cart full of aluminum cans.	A homeless man pushes a shopping cart of cans.	neutral
13075	A man pushes a shopping cart full of aluminum cans.	A man pushes a stroller.	contradiction
13076	Musicians performing for a audience.	There are people watching the musicians.	entailment
13077	Musicians performing for a audience.	The musicians are famous.	neutral
13078	Musicians performing for a audience.	The musicians are performing in front of nobody.	contradiction
13079	Two men are playing guitars on a stage.	Two men on street play a guitar.	contradiction
13080	Two men are playing guitars on a stage.	Two men singing and playing guitars.	neutral
13081	Two men are playing guitars on a stage.	Two guitar players on stage.	entailment
13082	Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.	A group on stage playing music.	entailment
13083	Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.	A band on stage putting on a show.	neutral
13084	Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.	A band packing up to leave.	contradiction
13085	Two men playing guitars and singing on a stage with sound equipment.	Two men are playing guitars	entailment
13086	Two men playing guitars and singing on a stage with sound equipment.	The guitars are not in tune	neutral
13087	Two men playing guitars and singing on a stage with sound equipment.	The men playing guitars are dressed as knights	contradiction
13088	Two men playing guitar at a concert.	two men performing their guitars at a show	entailment
13089	Two men playing guitar at a concert.	two guitar players are playing a concert with their band	neutral
13090	Two men playing guitar at a concert.	two guitar players are hanging out alone	contradiction
13091	A blond woman with a fur wrap around her shoulder and a glass of wine in front of her is getting something painted on her arm by a man.	A woman is getting a tattoo of her husband's name.	neutral
13092	A blond woman with a fur wrap around her shoulder and a glass of wine in front of her is getting something painted on her arm by a man.	A man drinking a beer watching tv.	contradiction
13093	A blond woman with a fur wrap around her shoulder and a glass of wine in front of her is getting something painted on her arm by a man.	A woman getting painted on by a man.	entailment
13094	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	the oreo colored dogs swims with an object in its mouth.	entailment
13095	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	there is no dog with an object in its mouth that is swimming.	contradiction
13096	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	a swimming dogs has a stick in its mouth.	neutral
13097	A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.	A man sitting in the middle of shoes.	entailment
13098	A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.	A man sitting down in shoes while waiting on his wife.	neutral
13099	A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.	A man laying on a bed.	contradiction
13100	A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him.	A man is eating his shoes as people stare at him.	contradiction
13101	A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him.	A man is surrounded by shoes	entailment
13102	A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him.	A man is buying shoes.	neutral
13103	This man has worked here for many decades.	There is a man who enjoys working hard.	neutral
13104	This man has worked here for many decades.	There is a woman that has worked for many decades.	contradiction
13105	This man has worked here for many decades.	There is a man who has worked for many decades.	entailment
13106	A group of people hiking through ice.	A group of people sharing coffee.	contradiction
13107	A group of people hiking through ice.	A group of people walking outside	entailment
13108	A group of people hiking through ice.	A group of people walking and talking	neutral
13109	People on a snowy hill.	the people are in the club	contradiction
13110	People on a snowy hill.	people on a hill	entailment
13111	People on a snowy hill.	the people are women	neutral
13112	Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.	The men are walking down the street.	contradiction
13113	Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.	The men are training for a marathon.	neutral
13114	Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.	The men are wearing shirts.	entailment
13115	A boy in a denim jacket is smiling.	The boy is wearing a jacket.	entailment
13116	A boy in a denim jacket is smiling.	The boy seems sad.	contradiction
13117	A boy in a denim jacket is smiling.	The boy is outside.	neutral
13118	A view of people browsing a store aisle.	A view of an empty store aisle.	contradiction
13119	A view of people browsing a store aisle.	An upskirt photo of a girl looking for groceries in a store aisle.	neutral
13120	A view of people browsing a store aisle.	People in a store.	entailment
13121	Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.	the boy is sitting down in his room	contradiction
13122	Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.	The group of girls are standing	entailment
13123	Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.	the girls are trying to make their friend spit out their drink	neutral
13124	A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water.	The girl swims in a pool.	neutral
13125	A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water.	The girl is feeding a giraffe.	contradiction
13126	A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water.	The girl is swimming outside.	entailment
13127	A man speaking with a microphone.	A man in an auditorium.	neutral
13128	A man speaking with a microphone.	A man in clothes.	neutral
13129	A man speaking with a microphone.	A man sleep on a bench.	contradiction
13130	A man in suit and tie is talking into a microphone.	A man is reading a newspaper.	contradiction
13131	A man in suit and tie is talking into a microphone.	A man is announcing something.	neutral
13132	A man in suit and tie is talking into a microphone.	A man is talking.	entailment
13133	a man speaking directly into a microphone	The man is picking up bottles along the side of the street for recycling.	contradiction
13134	a man speaking directly into a microphone	The man is rallying the troops before deployment during the military operation.	neutral
13135	a man speaking directly into a microphone	There is one man in this picture.	entailment
13136	A man wearing a brown suit and glasses is taking into a microphone.	A man is on a rollercoster at Disneyland.	contradiction
13137	A man wearing a brown suit and glasses is taking into a microphone.	A man is utilizing a machine.	entailment
13138	A man wearing a brown suit and glasses is taking into a microphone.	A comedian is delivering jokes on a stage.	neutral
13139	A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.	The man is using equipment to amplify his voice	entailment
13140	A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.	The man is wearing a sundress	contradiction
13141	A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.	The man is talking to a group of parents using a microphone	neutral
13142	A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket.	A driver being pulled over.	entailment
13143	A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket.	A cat on a bicycle.	contradiction
13144	A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket.	A drive caught speeding.	neutral
13145	A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.	A woman wearing a red skirt playing cricket.	contradiction
13146	A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.	A woman uses a pay phone	entailment
13147	A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.	A woman uses a pay phone in London	neutral
13148	During a race, a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people.	a woman running in a race, she is going to win	neutral
13149	During a race, a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people.	a man driving a taxi	contradiction
13150	During a race, a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people.	a woman running in a race	entailment
13151	a girl jumps off of a raft.	The teenaged boy jumps off a raft.	contradiction
13152	a girl jumps off of a raft.	The girl is jumping off a sinking raft.	neutral
13153	a girl jumps off of a raft.	The kid is jumping from the raft.	entailment
13154	A woman on a pay phone wearing a red skirt, white shirt, and a blue sweater wrapped around her shoulders.	A man works on his train station.	contradiction
13155	A woman on a pay phone wearing a red skirt, white shirt, and a blue sweater wrapped around her shoulders.	A woman uses a pay phone.	entailment
13156	A woman on a pay phone wearing a red skirt, white shirt, and a blue sweater wrapped around her shoulders.	A woman tries to call her husband after her car breaks down.	neutral
13157	A startled person is greeted by a set of interesting twins.	Twins surprise another person	entailment
13158	A startled person is greeted by a set of interesting twins.	3 people just hanging out	neutral
13159	A startled person is greeted by a set of interesting twins.	Geese playing footbal	contradiction
13160	A group of young girls talking to an older woman.	Some girls ask their grandmother questions.	neutral
13161	A group of young girls talking to an older woman.	Girls talk to a woman.	entailment
13162	A group of young girls talking to an older woman.	A group of girls read magazines.	contradiction
13163	teacher, with her students.	Students study alone in a library.	contradiction
13164	teacher, with her students.	A math teacher solves a problem with her students.	neutral
13165	teacher, with her students.	A teacher talks to her students.	entailment
13166	A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.	A girl is performing for people.	neutral
13167	A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.	A young girl is in midair.	entailment
13168	A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.	An old man is in midair.	contradiction
13169	The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.	A girl is tanning on the grass.	contradiction
13170	The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.	A girl is going to class.	neutral
13171	The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.	A girl is on a path.	entailment
13172	A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air.	The girl in red is playing jumprope with her friends in the park.	neutral
13173	A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air.	The young lady in red jumps into the air.	entailment
13174	A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air.	The boy in blue is sitting on the bench.	contradiction
13175	A girl in red jumps across a path.	The girl is dressed in blue.	contradiction
13176	A girl in red jumps across a path.	A girl in red jumps outdoors.	entailment
13177	A girl in red jumps across a path.	The girl is trying to get away from a bee.	neutral
13178	A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.	Two people are making preperations	entailment
13179	A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.	The man is clean shaven	contradiction
13180	A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.	The boy is helping the bearded man make a birdhouse	neutral
13181	A large crow of people with their hands raised.	A group of men with their hands raised	neutral
13182	A large crow of people with their hands raised.	People raising their arms	entailment
13183	A large crow of people with their hands raised.	A single man with his hand raised	contradiction
13184	A man, in a plaid shirt, and a younger boy, in a black jacket, working on something.	A father and son work on a home-renovation project.	neutral
13185	A man, in a plaid shirt, and a younger boy, in a black jacket, working on something.	A father and son playing baseball.	contradiction
13186	A man, in a plaid shirt, and a younger boy, in a black jacket, working on something.	A man and boy at work.	entailment
13187	A large group of people with hands raised in the air.	A group of people standing.	entailment
13188	A large group of people with hands raised in the air.	A person sitting alone.	contradiction
13189	A large group of people with hands raised in the air.	A group of people who are fans.	neutral
13190	An elder man conducting an orchestra.	A person is driving a bus.	contradiction
13191	An elder man conducting an orchestra.	A person conducts an orchestra.	entailment
13192	An elder man conducting an orchestra.	A person conducts an orchestra well.	neutral
13193	A man is conducting an orchestra.	A big human conducting.	neutral
13194	A man is conducting an orchestra.	Nobody is conducting.	contradiction
13195	A man is conducting an orchestra.	A human conducting.	entailment
13196	A group of video cameras recording from behind a barricade.	Cameras hidden behind a barricade.	entailment
13197	A group of video cameras recording from behind a barricade.	Computer monitors behind a barricade.	contradiction
13198	A group of video cameras recording from behind a barricade.	White surveillance cameras recording.	neutral
13199	Cameras set up on tripods along the side of a road barrier.	A kitten is playing with a ball of yarn.	contradiction
13200	Cameras set up on tripods along the side of a road barrier.	Cameras are set up to film a high speed police chase.	neutral
13201	Cameras set up on tripods along the side of a road barrier.	Cameras are set up on tripods along the side of the road.	entailment
13202	a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.	the people are waveing	neutral
13203	a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.	a small group of people raising their hands in the air all at once.	contradiction
13204	a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.	people are raising their hands	entailment
13205	Conductor leading his orchestra.	The conductor is not on the podium.	contradiction
13206	Conductor leading his orchestra.	An orchestra follows the conductor.	entailment
13207	Conductor leading his orchestra.	A conductor is dressed formally in tux and tails.	neutral
13208	Many cameras are set up against a barricade.	The cameras are set up against a pole.	contradiction
13209	Many cameras are set up against a barricade.	The cameras are monitoring people.	neutral
13210	Many cameras are set up against a barricade.	There are a lot of cameras.	entailment
13211	A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat.	A woman has a New York Strip in her hand.	neutral
13212	A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat.	A woman is wearing clothes.	entailment
13213	A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat.	The woman is naked while holding a salad.	contradiction
13214	Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	The dogs were outdoors.	entailment
13215	Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	The animals are eating lunch.	contradiction
13216	Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	The dogs were playing together.	neutral
13217	Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera.	A man in overalls is holding the harness of a horse.	entailment
13218	Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera.	A man is holding onto a barebacked horse.	contradiction
13219	Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera.	A man is setting up a horse for a commercial in front of the camera	neutral
13220	A man in blue shorts, with a tattoo on his right side, and wearing an iPod on his left arm, jogs down the street.	A man is jogging down the street.	entailment
13221	A man in blue shorts, with a tattoo on his right side, and wearing an iPod on his left arm, jogs down the street.	A man is jogging down the streets of New York City.	neutral
13222	A man in blue shorts, with a tattoo on his right side, and wearing an iPod on his left arm, jogs down the street.	A man is painting with his wife.	contradiction
13223	A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.	A dog is trying to brace for waves	neutral
13224	A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.	A dog is brown	entailment
13225	A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.	A dog is black	contradiction
13226	A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.	A puppy is standing in the water because it is hot.	neutral
13227	A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.	A pet is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
13228	A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.	An animal is outdoors.	entailment
13229	The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet.	The dog is digging a hole in the sand on the beach.	contradiction
13230	The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet.	There is a dog on the beach near the water.	entailment
13231	The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet.	The dog is watching a baby turtle enter the water.	neutral
13232	A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.	A dog just got out of the ocean.	neutral
13233	A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.	A cat is about to go swimming.	contradiction
13234	A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.	A dog is standing on the beach.	entailment
13235	The brown dog is in the waving water.	A cat swims in the sea.	contradiction
13236	The brown dog is in the waving water.	A dog is in the water.	entailment
13237	The brown dog is in the waving water.	A dog swims in the ocean.	neutral
13238	There is a crowded store in the mall filled with brightly colored toys and accessories.	There is an empty store.	contradiction
13239	There is a crowded store in the mall filled with brightly colored toys and accessories.	There are lots of small children in a store.	neutral
13240	There is a crowded store in the mall filled with brightly colored toys and accessories.	There is a crowded store.	entailment
13241	A baby boy sleeps in a stroller.	There is a child sleeping while being pushed in a stroller.	neutral
13242	A baby boy sleeps in a stroller.	There is a child with it's eyes closed.	entailment
13243	A baby boy sleeps in a stroller.	The little baby boy is laughing.	contradiction
13244	A blond woman serves the ball in a tennis match.	The woman is blonde.	entailment
13245	A blond woman serves the ball in a tennis match.	The woman is hitting a football with her tennis racket.	contradiction
13246	A blond woman serves the ball in a tennis match.	The woman is a professional tennis player.	neutral
13247	Female tennis player serving the ball.	The tennis player is very tall.	neutral
13248	Female tennis player serving the ball.	The woman is hitting the ball.	entailment
13249	Female tennis player serving the ball.	The woman is playing basketball.	contradiction
13250	A tennis player wearing white is jumping up to hit a ball.	A tennis player jumps.	entailment
13251	A tennis player wearing white is jumping up to hit a ball.	A dejected player walks alone back to the locker room.	contradiction
13252	A tennis player wearing white is jumping up to hit a ball.	A man is playing tennis.	neutral
13253	Woman at tennis match jumping in air to hit ball.	The woman is playing volleyball.	contradiction
13254	Woman at tennis match jumping in air to hit ball.	The tennis player is wearing all white.	neutral
13255	Woman at tennis match jumping in air to hit ball.	The woman is playing tennis.	entailment
13256	A woman serving a tennis ball.	A woman is playing tennis with her husband.	neutral
13257	A woman serving a tennis ball.	A woman is playing tennis.	entailment
13258	A woman serving a tennis ball.	A woman is serving the volleyball.	contradiction
13259	Two teenage boys and one teenage girl sitting on the steps of a pool or canal.	A group of teenagers sitting near the water.	entailment
13260	Two teenage boys and one teenage girl sitting on the steps of a pool or canal.	A teenage couple and their friend sit on the edge of the pool.	neutral
13261	Two teenage boys and one teenage girl sitting on the steps of a pool or canal.	The teenagers slide down the water slide into the pool.	contradiction
13262	A boy and a girl sitting together in a car at a gas pump as it rains.	There are two people in the car at the gas station.	entailment
13263	A boy and a girl sitting together in a car at a gas pump as it rains.	There are 3 people stranded in a truck at the gas station.	contradiction
13264	A boy and a girl sitting together in a car at a gas pump as it rains.	The couple are sitting at the gas pump because they are too scared to pump the gas during the rain.	neutral
13265	A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator.	A man wearing orange reflective clothing is walking down an escalator	contradiction
13266	A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator.	A man wearing safety gear is carrying a buffer up an escalator	neutral
13267	A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator.	A man wearing reflective orange clothing is carrying a buffer up an escalator	entailment
13268	Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another.	The three girls are riding in a car.	contradiction
13269	Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another.	The three girls are outdoors.	entailment
13270	Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another.	The three girls are competing in a race.	neutral
13271	A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.	The family is having a picnic	entailment
13272	A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.	A bear ran off with their chairs	contradiction
13273	A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.	The family has chicken during their picnic	neutral
13274	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Woman in working with arts and crafts	contradiction
13275	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	There is only one person present.	contradiction
13276	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Man in room with arts and crafts	entailment
13277	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A group enters a room with two gentlemen and a cluster of crafts.	entailment
13278	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	He created most of the crafts.	neutral
13279	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Man studying about arts and crafts	neutral
13280	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A car race occurs in front of a full stadium.	contradiction
13281	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Everyone is leaving the room.	contradiction
13282	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A man stands in a room with many crafts.	entailment
13283	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	the men are asleep in the motel	contradiction
13284	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
13285	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A tour group enters the studio of two artists to view their works.	neutral
13286	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	the man is white	neutral
13287	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	a man is standing	entailment
13288	A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	The man is selling the pots and crafts he created.	neutral
13289	A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.	A Pakistani booth owner wearing the traditional white with brown coat at a market is displaying his wares as his friend rests.	neutral
13290	A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.	A man is standing and a man is reclining.	entailment
13291	A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.	Two women are selling carpets in India.	contradiction
13292	One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head.	He was scared it would fall.	neutral
13293	One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head.	The woman was holding something on her head.	contradiction
13294	One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head.	The man was very focussed as he held something on his head.	entailment
13295	A male participant in an Islamic wedding celebration.	man at work	contradiction
13296	A male participant in an Islamic wedding celebration.	man at wedding	neutral
13297	A male participant in an Islamic wedding celebration.	man in islamic wedding	entailment
13298	A person is balancing an object on his head.	A person has something on his head.	entailment
13299	A person is balancing an object on his head.	A man sleeps on the couch.	contradiction
13300	A person is balancing an object on his head.	A woman balances a jug of water on her head.	neutral
13301	A man holding a sign up at someones windshield.	A beggar panhandles for money.	neutral
13302	A man holding a sign up at someones windshield.	A man shows off his sign.	entailment
13303	A man holding a sign up at someones windshield.	A billionaire swims through his vault filled with coins.	contradiction
13304	A female rollerskater doing a jump.	a woman is rollerskating	entailment
13305	A female rollerskater doing a jump.	the female is driving.	contradiction
13306	A female rollerskater doing a jump.	the female can do many tricks on her rollerskates	neutral
13307	A large group of people walking on a dirt path in the woods with trees on both sides.	A large group of people are taking a hike on a mountain.	neutral
13308	A large group of people walking on a dirt path in the woods with trees on both sides.	A large group of people are outdoors.	entailment
13309	A large group of people walking on a dirt path in the woods with trees on both sides.	A large group of people is watching a football game.	contradiction
13310	man standing against blue wall with shirt on head	man quietly standing against blue wall with shirt on head	entailment
13311	man standing against blue wall with shirt on head	man standing against blue wall	neutral
13312	man standing against blue wall with shirt on head	man running near blue wall	contradiction
13313	A man in a black head wrap is standing against a blue wall.	A person is waiting for someone.	neutral
13314	A man in a black head wrap is standing against a blue wall.	A man is stealing candy.	contradiction
13315	A man in a black head wrap is standing against a blue wall.	A person is wearing a head wrap.	entailment
13316	A man with a shirt on his head, wearing a plaid shirt, leaning against a painted blue wall.	a man is sitting on a bench	contradiction
13317	A man with a shirt on his head, wearing a plaid shirt, leaning against a painted blue wall.	the man is inside leaning on a wall	neutral
13318	A man with a shirt on his head, wearing a plaid shirt, leaning against a painted blue wall.	there is a guy leaning against a wall	entailment
13319	A man in a red and gray plaid shirt stands in front of a blue wall wearing a black scarf or shirt on his head.	A man stands in front of a yellow wall.	contradiction
13320	A man in a red and gray plaid shirt stands in front of a blue wall wearing a black scarf or shirt on his head.	A man poses for a picture in front of a wall.	neutral
13321	A man in a red and gray plaid shirt stands in front of a blue wall wearing a black scarf or shirt on his head.	A man stands in front of a blue wall.	entailment
13322	A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.	Man in speedo spills food.	contradiction
13323	A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.	Woman pours a drink for her boyfriend.	neutral
13324	A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.	Woman pours a drink.	entailment
13325	A boy playing a cello with his orchestra.	A boy is performing for his school.	neutral
13326	A boy playing a cello with his orchestra.	A boy is playing with an orchestra.	entailment
13327	A boy playing a cello with his orchestra.	A woman is teaching a class.	contradiction
13328	Young man showing great concentration while playing the cello in an orchestra.	Man playing an instrument in front of a crowd.	neutral
13329	Young man showing great concentration while playing the cello in an orchestra.	Man playing an instrument.	entailment
13330	Young man showing great concentration while playing the cello in an orchestra.	Man playing a guitar by himself.	contradiction
13331	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A brunette woman pours an alcoholic drink for a man.	neutral
13332	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	Brunette woman enjoying a drink on the beach.	contradiction
13333	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	she is at the beach	neutral
13334	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	There is a blonde woman wearing a bikini.	contradiction
13335	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	The woman is wearing a bikini.	entailment
13336	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A woman is serving a beverage to a man.	entailment
13337	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A lady with brown hair who is wearing a white bikini is pouring a drink into a man's cup.	entailment
13338	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A brunette woman in a white bikini pours a drink into her husband's cup.	neutral
13339	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A man and a woman are at the beach.	neutral
13340	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	Brunette woman assisting man with a drink.	entailment
13341	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	a brunette in a white bikini	entailment
13342	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	she was wearing a orange bikini	contradiction
13343	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A blonde woman in a white bikini is drinking something from a cup while a man looks on.	contradiction
13344	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	They are at the beach.	neutral
13345	Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	The woman is blonde.	contradiction
13346	A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.	A woman is wearing a winter coat.	contradiction
13347	A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.	The woman and the man are at a pool bar.	neutral
13348	A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.	A woman is serving a man something to drink.	entailment
13349	A man in a bleeding flag shirt poses in a jump in front of city buildings.	The man is in the city.	entailment
13350	A man in a bleeding flag shirt poses in a jump in front of city buildings.	The man is laying down by the pool.	contradiction
13351	A man in a bleeding flag shirt poses in a jump in front of city buildings.	The man is posing for a professional photographer.	neutral
13352	A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man jumps into a fountain fully clothed	entailment
13353	A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man is taking off his clothes to go in the ocean.	contradiction
13354	A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man is playing in the fountain.	entailment
13355	A man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head.	The man is running towards the camera.	contradiction
13356	A man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head.	The man is camera shy.	neutral
13357	A man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head.	A man is carrying a basket on his head.	entailment
13358	A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head.	A man shakes his head as he carries a basket in his hands.	contradiction
13359	A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head.	There is a man in a top with a basket.	entailment
13360	A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head.	A man brings wares to market to sell.	neutral
13361	A black man walks away with a large basket full of items on his head.	A man carries a basket on his head.	entailment
13362	A black man walks away with a large basket full of items on his head.	A man has a basket of fruit on his head.	neutral
13363	A black man walks away with a large basket full of items on his head.	A man carries a basket under his arm.	contradiction
13364	A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.	A person is driving a car.	contradiction
13365	A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.	A person carrying a basket and walking down the street	neutral
13366	A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.	A person wearing shirt is walking on the road	entailment
13367	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	Under a very old tree in the park there is a beared old man sleeping and from the looks of him he appears homeless.	entailment
13368	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man is laying on the grass.	neutral
13369	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	In the grass in the park there is a homeless man who is sleeping on the ground by a tree.	neutral
13370	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The older man is actually not that old.	neutral
13371	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is sleeping outside.	entailment
13372	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is sleeping the grass.	entailment
13373	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man lays dead on the grass.	neutral
13374	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	Outside there is a person who is singing loudly and dancing.	contradiction
13375	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An older man with a red beard.	contradiction
13376	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man has a black beard.	contradiction
13377	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man is having an amazing dream.	neutral
13378	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	A great ancient tree.	entailment
13379	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is playing catch.	contradiction
13380	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man has a clean shaven face.	contradiction
13381	An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The older man has a graying beard.	entailment
13382	An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.	The old man is trying to climb a tree.	contradiction
13383	An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.	The man is sleeping outside because he is drunk.	neutral
13384	An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.	The man is napping outside.	entailment
13385	A person laying down on the grass with their eyes closed.	Some people are outside.	entailment
13386	A person laying down on the grass with their eyes closed.	Some people are lounging around.	neutral
13387	A person laying down on the grass with their eyes closed.	People are standing in formation.	contradiction
13388	Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking.	The women are young	contradiction
13389	Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking.	They are talking sports	neutral
13390	Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking.	The women are elderly	entailment
13391	A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.	A big cycle jumping	neutral
13392	A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.	Nothing is jumped	contradiction
13393	A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.	A cycle jumping	entailment
13394	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A man is sewing by hand.	contradiction
13395	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is painting a picture.	contradiction
13396	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A dog eats his treat.	contradiction
13397	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is sewing a sweater.	neutral
13398	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are napping in the bed.	contradiction
13399	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is sewing clothes.	neutral
13400	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are chatting as they work.	neutral
13401	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are sewing a new pair of pants.	neutral
13402	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are taking a nap.	contradiction
13403	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is using a sewing machine.	entailment
13404	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is turing a sewing maching.	entailment
13405	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	Women are working today.	entailment
13406	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	Difficult sewing on a classic machine.	entailment
13407	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A sweat shop is in full spring.	neutral
13408	Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are working on sewing.	entailment
13409	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is taping notes to somebody's dress.	contradiction
13410	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A woman is attempting to craft a new dress using an old, black Singer sewing machine.	neutral
13411	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is sitting on a chair.	neutral
13412	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person sitting behind a sewing machine.	entailment
13413	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A woman is examining the alterations to be made to a dress, from a note affixed to it, behind a black Singer sewing machine.	entailment
13414	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The sewing machine is black.	entailment
13415	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The person is sewing.	neutral
13416	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The woman is wearing a sweatshirt.	contradiction
13417	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The person is old.	neutral
13418	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	An old woman sits behind her sewing machine.	neutral
13419	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is running.	contradiction
13420	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A woman is attempting to sew around a note taped to their dress.	contradiction
13421	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The sewing machine is not made by Singer.	contradiction
13422	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is sitting.	entailment
13423	A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The person is a woman.	entailment
13424	A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.	A male wearing clothes is not on the ground.	entailment
13425	A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.	A woman rests her head on a pillow in a hammock.	contradiction
13426	A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.	A young man wearing dark sunglasses, torn jeans, and an old leather jacket jumps in the air like a cheer leader.	neutral
13427	Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.	Two people are riding their bikes.	contradiction
13428	Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.	Two people are in a car.	entailment
13429	Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.	Two people are looking out at a wreak on the street.	neutral
13430	An airplane is parked in front of a few vehicles.	Two trucks are parked near a plane.	neutral
13431	An airplane is parked in front of a few vehicles.	The airplane is flying over New Zealand.	contradiction
13432	An airplane is parked in front of a few vehicles.	Vehicles are near a plane.	entailment
13433	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is growing out his hair.	entailment
13434	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A long haired man is making a costume for his role in a play.	neutral
13435	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man with short hair is taking a shower	contradiction
13436	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is working.	entailment
13437	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A guy is sewing a cape.	neutral
13438	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sewing a costume.	entailment
13439	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is taking a nap.	contradiction
13440	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	a costume maker is making a Halloween costume	neutral
13441	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	a woman with short hair sews a patch on her pants	contradiction
13442	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
13443	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	The costume is orange	neutral
13444	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sewing a halloween costume for his son.	neutral
13445	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A short haired man is building a shed	contradiction
13446	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sewing fabric.	entailment
13447	A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	a costume maker is finishing sewing a costume	entailment
13448	A man by a private jet is standing in the shade of the jet.	The moon shines bright.	contradiction
13449	A man by a private jet is standing in the shade of the jet.	The man is wearing a suit.	neutral
13450	A man by a private jet is standing in the shade of the jet.	A man is standing in the shade.	entailment
13451	Two men, one wearing a gray shirt, the other wearing a black shirt appear in a store while another accesses an upper shirt with a woman in a green hat in the foreground.	Three men and a woman are in a store.	entailment
13452	Two men, one wearing a gray shirt, the other wearing a black shirt appear in a store while another accesses an upper shirt with a woman in a green hat in the foreground.	The woman is leaving the store.	contradiction
13453	Two men, one wearing a gray shirt, the other wearing a black shirt appear in a store while another accesses an upper shirt with a woman in a green hat in the foreground.	The woman in the green hat is waiting for one of the men.	neutral
13454	Several men are inside a store among stocked shelves and many bags of grains.	People are working inside.	entailment
13455	Several men are inside a store among stocked shelves and many bags of grains.	There is one person working in Kroger.	contradiction
13456	Several men are inside a store among stocked shelves and many bags of grains.	People are working in a Kroger.	neutral
13457	man reaching for a type of an item in a general store.	A man is looking for a tool.	neutral
13458	man reaching for a type of an item in a general store.	A lady is eating cantaloupe.	contradiction
13459	man reaching for a type of an item in a general store.	A man is at a store.	entailment
13460	Two young men help another man in a store back room.	One man helps a women outside.	contradiction
13461	Two young men help another man in a store back room.	Two men are helping someone else.	entailment
13462	Two young men help another man in a store back room.	Two men in blue shirts are helping someone else.	neutral
13463	Three men working in a shop by stocking items	A few men are stocking hardware items.	neutral
13464	Three men working in a shop by stocking items	Three men are working.	entailment
13465	Three men working in a shop by stocking items	Children are playing in the grass.	contradiction
13466	A little boy trying to blow out the 2 candles on his birthday cake.	a little boy blowing on cake with candles	entailment
13467	A little boy trying to blow out the 2 candles on his birthday cake.	a little boy blowing on cake with candles on his birthday	neutral
13468	A little boy trying to blow out the 2 candles on his birthday cake.	a man sleeping in chair	contradiction
13469	A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.	A dog standing outside.	entailment
13470	A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.	A dog is enjoying himself.	neutral
13471	A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.	A cat is standing alone.	contradiction
13472	A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."	A boy blows out a candle on his birthday cake.	entailment
13473	A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."	A boy smashes his face on a birthday cake.	contradiction
13474	A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."	A boy is looking at his birthday cake.	neutral
13475	Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.	Two men and a woman hike near cliffs.	neutral
13476	Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.	There are people walking outdoors.	entailment
13477	Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.	The people are scaling the cliffs.	contradiction
13478	A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.	The animal is hunting.	neutral
13479	A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.	The animal is eating indoors.	contradiction
13480	A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.	The animal is outdoors.	entailment
13481	Three people are walking in a canyon.	Three men are talking while they walk outside.	neutral
13482	Three people are walking in a canyon.	Three men are in the garage.	contradiction
13483	Three people are walking in a canyon.	Three people are walking outside.	entailment
13484	a kid named quinn blowing out the candles on his birthday cake	Quinn blows out candles for his tenth birthday.	neutral
13485	a kid named quinn blowing out the candles on his birthday cake	Quinn eats a taco at his sister's bar mitzvah.	contradiction
13486	a kid named quinn blowing out the candles on his birthday cake	Quinn blows out candles on his cake.	entailment
13487	A woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her.	the woman does not like pictures	neutral
13488	A woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her.	the woman was wearing high heels	contradiction
13489	A woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her.	thge woman was sitting	entailment
13490	A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus.	The girl is shy and does not want her picture taken for a her college's yearbook.	neutral
13491	A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus.	The girl watches TV in the hotel room.	contradiction
13492	A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus.	There is a young woman in this picture.	entailment
13493	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	girl has on a sweater	entailment
13494	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The young man hides his face from the camera.	contradiction
13495	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	a girl sleeps at home	contradiction
13496	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	Young girl wears gray and pink sweater hides her face from the camera.	entailment
13497	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl is wearing sandals and blue sweater.	contradiction
13498	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	A girl does not want to have her picture taken.	neutral
13499	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	a girl doesnt want her boyfriend to know she was out	neutral
13500	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl is shy.	neutral
13501	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl is hiding her face from the camera.	entailment
13502	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	Young girl does not want to have her picture taken.	neutral
13503	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The young girl is wearing all black.	contradiction
13504	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The leather boots are black.	neutral
13505	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	There is a girl in the photo.	entailment
13506	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	Young girl is in the middle of a photoshoot.	contradiction
13507	Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl has a sweater on.	entailment
13508	A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.	The woman was crying.	neutral
13509	A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.	The man was sitting on the chair.	contradiction
13510	A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.	The woman was covering her face.	entailment
13511	A woman in a striped black and pink shirt is sitting on a step.	the woman is old	neutral
13512	A woman in a striped black and pink shirt is sitting on a step.	a woman in black	entailment
13513	A woman in a striped black and pink shirt is sitting on a step.	the woman is naked	contradiction
13514	A long-haired man plays a guitar	A black person plays a guitar.	neutral
13515	A long-haired man plays a guitar	A lady plays a guitar.	contradiction
13516	A long-haired man plays a guitar	A person plays a guitar.	entailment
13517	A man holding up a yellow tent.	The person grasps an item that can provide shelter.	entailment
13518	A man holding up a yellow tent.	The auctioneer begins the bidding on the first item of camping gear.	neutral
13519	A man holding up a yellow tent.	The person's arms are filled with flowers.	contradiction
13520	A man in a white shirt and black leather vest plays an electric guitar.	A man tests a new electric guitar.	neutral
13521	A man in a white shirt and black leather vest plays an electric guitar.	A man works on his guitar composition.	entailment
13522	A man in a white shirt and black leather vest plays an electric guitar.	A man sells his musical instruments.	contradiction
13523	A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar.	the man is in a band	neutral
13524	A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar.	the man is wearing a blue shirt	contradiction
13525	A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar.	there is a white shirt	entailment
13526	A man in glasses and wearing a white shirt is playing an instrument.	The man plays an instrument.	entailment
13527	A man in glasses and wearing a white shirt is playing an instrument.	The man plays a piano.	neutral
13528	A man in glasses and wearing a white shirt is playing an instrument.	The old man sits at the park.	contradiction
13529	The man holds his tent up over his head.	The man is sitting on top of his tent	contradiction
13530	The man holds his tent up over his head.	A man is helping protect himself from the weather	entailment
13531	The man holds his tent up over his head.	The man is wearing a navy blue sweater	neutral
13532	People are playing in a football game.	People are dancing at a nightclub.	contradiction
13533	People are playing in a football game.	People are playing football.	entailment
13534	People are playing in a football game.	Two teams are playing in the Super Bowl.	neutral
13535	A person is running with a football, trying to avoid the opposing team.	A football player is running down the field.	entailment
13536	A person is running with a football, trying to avoid the opposing team.	A football player is about to score a touchdown.	neutral
13537	A person is running with a football, trying to avoid the opposing team.	A ballerina is running with a football.	contradiction
13538	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	The two teams are playing baseball.	contradiction
13539	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	The team is red is winning the game.	neutral
13540	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two rival teams play for the title.	neutral
13541	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are playing against each other.	entailment
13542	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are teams playing football.	entailment
13543	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are people playing a game.	entailment
13544	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two field hockey teams are competing.	contradiction
13545	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are two teams playing hockey at the ice rink.	contradiction
13546	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	A couple of teams are playing a sport.	entailment
13547	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are playing hockey.	contradiction
13548	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two boys in white tackle a boy on the red team.	neutral
13549	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are fans watching the game.	neutral
13550	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	This football game is a college championship.	neutral
13551	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are sitting at the bar after the game.	contradiction
13552	Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	A  football game is taking place.	entailment
13553	Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers.	The player wearing number 12 is the best player in the league	neutral
13554	Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers.	People playing football	entailment
13555	Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers.	Two teams playing soccer	contradiction
13556	A marine in dress uniform is about to walk across the street with two little girls.	A marine and two children play in the street.	neutral
13557	A marine in dress uniform is about to walk across the street with two little girls.	A marine holds two children's hands as they wait for a car to go by.	neutral
13558	A marine in dress uniform is about to walk across the street with two little girls.	A marine waits to cross the street with two children.	entailment
13559	A marine is crossing the street with two girls in dresses.	Three men are walking across a field.	contradiction
13560	A marine is crossing the street with two girls in dresses.	A person in uniform crosses a street.	entailment
13561	A marine is crossing the street with two girls in dresses.	Two girls admire a marine for his work.	neutral
13562	A man in uniform walking two twin girls across the street.	A clown is crossing the street with a boy and a girl who aren't related.	contradiction
13563	A man in uniform walking two twin girls across the street.	I man is walking some people across the street.	entailment
13564	A man in uniform walking two twin girls across the street.	A man is escorting his daughters across the street.	neutral
13565	A team of boys are playing football.	Boys practice for an upcoming football game.	neutral
13566	A team of boys are playing football.	Boys playing hide and seek in the park	contradiction
13567	A team of boys are playing football.	Boys playing a game.	entailment
13568	Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo	horseback riding at a rodeo	contradiction
13569	Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo	a bull rider stays on the longest at the rodeo	neutral
13570	Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo	a guy on an animal at an event	entailment
13571	Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.	A soccer player kicks the ball.	contradiction
13572	Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.	A boy gets ready to throw the football.	neutral
13573	Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.	A quarterback is getting ready to throw the football.	entailment
13574	Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.	The men have a baking competition	contradiction
13575	Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.	They all listen to the same song	neutral
13576	Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.	Music enters their ears	entailment
13577	A man in a black suit is looking at a map.	The man is dressed formally.	entailment
13578	A man in a black suit is looking at a map.	The man is sleeping.	contradiction
13579	A man in a black suit is looking at a map.	The man is wearing a hat.	neutral
13580	A guy looking at the city map.	A man is lost.	neutral
13581	A guy looking at the city map.	Someone is trying to find directions.	entailment
13582	A guy looking at the city map.	A boy is using a GPS.	contradiction
13583	Crop worker taking a smoke break.	Business man reading the paper.	contradiction
13584	Crop worker taking a smoke break.	Worker smoking after a 13 hour day.	neutral
13585	Crop worker taking a smoke break.	Worker smoking.	entailment
13586	a man in a black suit using a phone booth.	The man is on the phone.	entailment
13587	a man in a black suit using a phone booth.	The man is calling his boss.	neutral
13588	a man in a black suit using a phone booth.	The man is wearing jeans.	contradiction
13589	Man holding a big sack with something inside, on his shoulder.	A man holding a big sack.	entailment
13590	Man holding a big sack with something inside, on his shoulder.	A man empties is sack on the ground.	contradiction
13591	Man holding a big sack with something inside, on his shoulder.	A man transports a heavy load.	neutral
13592	A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	A man is writing a letter.	contradiction
13593	A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	A man having a bag of leaves	entailment
13594	A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	There is a man harvesting.	entailment
13595	A man standing at a directory.	A man looking at directions.	entailment
13596	A man standing at a directory.	A man looking at a map.	neutral
13597	A man standing at a directory.	A girl is walking on the road.	contradiction
13598	A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.	A man is sitting in a field.	contradiction
13599	A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
13600	A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.	A man is holding a bag full of vegetables.	neutral
13601	Customers examine the menu of street cafe.	People are at a cafe for lunch.	neutral
13602	Customers examine the menu of street cafe.	People are wanting to order food.	entailment
13603	Customers examine the menu of street cafe.	The people are going to sleep.	contradiction
13604	A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a store.	The man is a company CEO	neutral
13605	A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a store.	A man is wearing a shirt	entailment
13606	A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a store.	The man's shirt is red	contradiction
13607	A couple wait at the stand for some coffee.	lion sleeps long time	contradiction
13608	A couple wait at the stand for some coffee.	people wait for coffee	entailment
13609	A couple wait at the stand for some coffee.	people just woke up	neutral
13610	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	There are people in line	entailment
13611	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are waiting for their food outside of a fast food establishment.	neutral
13612	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are eating.	entailment
13613	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	People are waiting at a shop.	entailment
13614	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	The customers are hungry.	neutral
13615	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	The customers are waiting to order.	entailment
13616	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	People are having food delivered to their homes.	contradiction
13617	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	There are people swimming in the ocean	contradiction
13618	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are buying shoes.	contradiction
13619	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	People are standing in line for food.	neutral
13620	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are eating at a take out windown on their lunch break.	neutral
13621	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	The customers are cooking their own food.	contradiction
13622	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	There are people in line at the food truck	neutral
13623	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are waiting for someone at a restaurant.	entailment
13624	Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are shopping at a grocery store.	contradiction
13625	A security officer is monitoring the crowd across the water.	Security watches the people watching the fireworks.	neutral
13626	A security officer is monitoring the crowd across the water.	A mall cop scans  the crowd near the water.	entailment
13627	A security officer is monitoring the crowd across the water.	Paul Blart eats a hot dog.	contradiction
13628	A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.	An officer looking at the water.	entailment
13629	A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.	An officer running after someone.	contradiction
13630	A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.	An officer checking the area.	neutral
13631	At night, a man wearing a green vest is looking across a body of water with a crowd of people on the other side.	A tall human looking	neutral
13632	At night, a man wearing a green vest is looking across a body of water with a crowd of people on the other side.	Nobody is looking	contradiction
13633	At night, a man wearing a green vest is looking across a body of water with a crowd of people on the other side.	A human looking	entailment
13634	A young boy walking across pipe over a body of water.	A young boy is skipping rocks on a pond.	contradiction
13635	A young boy walking across pipe over a body of water.	A young boy is walking on a pipe over a pond.	neutral
13636	A young boy walking across pipe over a body of water.	A young boy is walking outside.	entailment
13637	A man in a green vest is standing in front of water.	The man is outside, near the water.	entailment
13638	A man in a green vest is standing in front of water.	A man with brown pants and a green vest is standing by his bathtub.	neutral
13639	A man in a green vest is standing in front of water.	The woman in polka dots is sitting by the fire.	contradiction
13640	A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.	It is raining on this woman's wedding day.	neutral
13641	A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.	The woman is in a taxi cab.	contradiction
13642	A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.	A woman is outside under a blue umbrella.	entailment
13643	lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain.	A lady with her lucky umbrella on a rainy day.	neutral
13644	lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain.	A huge building reflecting the hot summer sun.	contradiction
13645	lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain.	The woman is in the rain.	entailment
13646	A lady with a black bag is walking in the rain with her blue umbrella.	A lady with a large black bag is walking in the rain.	entailment
13647	A lady with a black bag is walking in the rain with her blue umbrella.	A man with a large black bag is walking in the rain near the park.	contradiction
13648	A lady with a black bag is walking in the rain with her blue umbrella.	A lady with a large black bag is walking in the rain near the park.	neutral
13649	A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain.	A woman is sunbathing outdoors.	contradiction
13650	A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain.	The woman is afraid of getting wet.	neutral
13651	A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain.	There is a woman outdoors.	entailment
13652	A man is lead singer in a band at an outdoor venue.	A man is singing at an outdoor venue	entailment
13653	A man is lead singer in a band at an outdoor venue.	A man is a lead singer at coachella	neutral
13654	A man is lead singer in a band at an outdoor venue.	A man is a backup singer	contradiction
13655	A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	The woman is going to meet someone.	neutral
13656	A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	A woman is walking in the sunshine.	contradiction
13657	A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	A woman is alone in the rain.	entailment
13658	Two boys wakeboard.	Two boys are in the ocean wakeboarding.	neutral
13659	Two boys wakeboard.	Two boys sit on their bikes drinking a coke.	contradiction
13660	Two boys wakeboard.	Two boys are wakeboarding.	entailment
13661	Young girl climbing on playground equipment.	The young girl is climbing up the slide.	neutral
13662	Young girl climbing on playground equipment.	The young girl is an infant.	contradiction
13663	Young girl climbing on playground equipment.	The young girl is moving around.	entailment
13664	There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	There are cups of fruit on a table.	entailment
13665	There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	There are three women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	contradiction
13666	There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	The women have just cut up the fruit that are in the cups near them.	neutral
13667	Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.	The men and women are all taking cabs home for the night.	contradiction
13668	Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.	There are several people in this picture.	entailment
13669	Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.	The men and women are participating in a "single's mixer" at their local church.	neutral
13670	A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	A man cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	contradiction
13671	A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	A sad woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	neutral
13672	A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	A person cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	entailment
13673	People walk in front of a store that is having a 50% SALE.	Pedestrians walk by a store.	entailment
13674	People walk in front of a store that is having a 50% SALE.	People walk by a street performer.	contradiction
13675	People walk in front of a store that is having a 50% SALE.	People walk in front of a JC Penny's having a 50% SALE.	neutral
13676	A dog is running down a dirt path.	A dog is chasing a squirrel.	neutral
13677	A dog is running down a dirt path.	A dog jumps up on a stranger.	contradiction
13678	A dog is running down a dirt path.	A dog runs down a path.	entailment
13679	Boy in Red uniform holding up trophy.	A boy holds his sports trophy.	neutral
13680	Boy in Red uniform holding up trophy.	A child holds an award.	entailment
13681	Boy in Red uniform holding up trophy.	A girl scout holds her cookie selling trophy.	contradiction
13682	The girls are having a drink.	the girls are drinking	entailment
13683	The girls are having a drink.	the girls are not drinking	contradiction
13684	The girls are having a drink.	the girls are drinking lemonade	neutral
13685	Two women prepare food samples.	The women are at a supermarket.	neutral
13686	Two women prepare food samples.	Two kids are preparing food.	contradiction
13687	Two women prepare food samples.	Women are preparing food.	entailment
13688	A woman points at something while another woman touches her hand at a bar.	One woman is a man.	contradiction
13689	A woman points at something while another woman touches her hand at a bar.	One woman is a lesbian.	neutral
13690	A woman points at something while another woman touches her hand at a bar.	The women are at a bar.	entailment
13691	A young women is looking at fruit cups prepared by an older, red-haired woman.	The two women are near some fruit cups	entailment
13692	A young women is looking at fruit cups prepared by an older, red-haired woman.	the old man is trying to eat a pancake	contradiction
13693	A young women is looking at fruit cups prepared by an older, red-haired woman.	The young women looks to buy a snack	neutral
13694	A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.	A man and woman are not in the kitchen	contradiction
13695	A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.	A man and woman are in the kitchen	entailment
13696	A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.	A man and woman are joyously in the kitchen	neutral
13697	A guy wearing a black shirt and pants at a skate park outdoors.	A man wearing black is at an outdoor skate park.	entailment
13698	A guy wearing a black shirt and pants at a skate park outdoors.	A girl in white is at an indoor soccer game.	contradiction
13699	A guy wearing a black shirt and pants at a skate park outdoors.	A man wearing black is getting ready to go skateboard at an outdoor skate park.	neutral
13700	Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.	Three people are getting trampled by an elephant.	contradiction
13701	Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.	Three people are riding on a big animal outdoors.	entailment
13702	Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.	Three people are on vacation riding an elephant.	neutral
13703	A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.	A man is roller skating at a skate park.	contradiction
13704	A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.	The man has a skateboard.	entailment
13705	A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.	The man has a green skateboard in his hands.	neutral
13706	A man with a skateboard is contemplating his next move at the top of the skateboard hole.	the man is holding an object.	entailment
13707	A man with a skateboard is contemplating his next move at the top of the skateboard hole.	The man is getting ready to ride down the ramp.	neutral
13708	A man with a skateboard is contemplating his next move at the top of the skateboard hole.	The man is ice skating at the rink.	contradiction
13709	A elephant carrying two people, one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant, and one of them guiding the elephant.	Two people are on an elephant.	entailment
13710	A elephant carrying two people, one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant, and one of them guiding the elephant.	Two people are riding on a giraffe.	contradiction
13711	A elephant carrying two people, one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant, and one of them guiding the elephant.	Two people are riding an elephant in India.	neutral
13712	An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.	A little girl is standing by a fountain.	contradiction
13713	An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.	An older man is standing outside.	entailment
13714	An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.	An older man is standing on the street.	neutral
13715	A man and a woman kissing outdoors.	A homosexual couple are kissing.	contradiction
13716	A man and a woman kissing outdoors.	A couple are in a lustful embrace.	neutral
13717	A man and a woman kissing outdoors.	A couple are expressing affection.	entailment
13718	A blond girl kisses a bow with brown hair while standing outside of a building.	There are people standing outside.	entailment
13719	A blond girl kisses a bow with brown hair while standing outside of a building.	The blond girl sees her husband in the parade.	neutral
13720	A blond girl kisses a bow with brown hair while standing outside of a building.	The girl has black hair.	contradiction
13721	A couple shares a kiss on the sidewalk in front of a large building.	A couple kissing outside a large building.	entailment
13722	A couple shares a kiss on the sidewalk in front of a large building.	Two men in a fight indoors	contradiction
13723	A couple shares a kiss on the sidewalk in front of a large building.	A man and a woman outside kissing	neutral
13724	Man and women kissing in public.	A couple kissing.	neutral
13725	Man and women kissing in public.	A man and woman in an argument.	contradiction
13726	Man and women kissing in public.	A man and woman kissing.	entailment
13727	A child in a purple shirt stares over a metal railing.	A child is walking down the street.	contradiction
13728	A child in a purple shirt stares over a metal railing.	A child is holding a railing.	entailment
13729	A child in a purple shirt stares over a metal railing.	A child is on a balcony.	neutral
13730	The child sleeps on a multicolored lined pillow.	The child is wearing pajamas.	neutral
13731	The child sleeps on a multicolored lined pillow.	The child is playing hopscotch.	contradiction
13732	The child sleeps on a multicolored lined pillow.	A child sleeps on a striped pillow.	entailment
13733	A child sleeping on a striped pillow.	It is night time.	neutral
13734	A child sleeping on a striped pillow.	The child has gone to bed.	entailment
13735	A child sleeping on a striped pillow.	The child is reading under his blankets.	contradiction
13736	A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.	A boy sleeps in his room.	neutral
13737	A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.	A boy sleeps.	entailment
13738	A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.	A girl sleeps.	contradiction
13739	A young boy is sleeping.	A child is not awake.	entailment
13740	A young boy is sleeping.	The young boy needs to sleep for 12 hours.	neutral
13741	A young boy is sleeping.	A boy is climbing a mountain.	contradiction
13742	A woman is sitting in a room and painting.	A college student is sculpting a statue.	contradiction
13743	A woman is sitting in a room and painting.	A lady is painting.	entailment
13744	A woman is sitting in a room and painting.	A newly married blonde is painting in a room.	neutral
13745	Joe's Pizza has an ATM and people pass by.	The ATM is accessible to patrons of the pizza parlor	entailment
13746	Joe's Pizza has an ATM and people pass by.	The ATM is in the front of the store and people pass by	neutral
13747	Joe's Pizza has an ATM and people pass by.	You cannot get money out of the bank at Joe's Pizza	contradiction
13748	A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.	The girl has her hair in a pony tail.	neutral
13749	A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.	The girl is wearing a solid red dress and is barefoot.	contradiction
13750	A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.	The girl has hair.	entailment
13751	Many people are standing in front of a store called Joe's Pizza.	The group is waiting to get a on plane at the airport.	contradiction
13752	Many people are standing in front of a store called Joe's Pizza.	The church group is waiting for a table at the pizza place.	neutral
13753	Many people are standing in front of a store called Joe's Pizza.	The group of people are standing outside the pizza place.	entailment
13754	A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.	An old lady paints a picture.	entailment
13755	A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.	The woman is standing next to her freshly carved sculpture.	contradiction
13756	A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.	The old woman is painting for a gallery event.	neutral
13757	A small crowd outside of Famous Joe's Pizza.	There is a large crowd.	contradiction
13758	A small crowd outside of Famous Joe's Pizza.	The crowd is protesting.	neutral
13759	A small crowd outside of Famous Joe's Pizza.	There is a small crowd.	entailment
13760	A group of men standing outside a pizza place.	A group of women standing outside a pizza place.	contradiction
13761	A group of men standing outside a pizza place.	A group of people  standing outside a pizza place.	entailment
13762	A group of men standing outside a pizza place.	A group of sad men standing outside a pizza place.	neutral
13763	A boy walking in the surf on a beach.	The boy is getting his feet wet.	entailment
13764	A boy walking in the surf on a beach.	The boy loves the smell of the ocean.	neutral
13765	A boy walking in the surf on a beach.	The boy is on top of a mountain.	contradiction
13766	An old woman in a computer chair, painting a picture with several people in it.	A woman rides a bicycle in the park.	contradiction
13767	An old woman in a computer chair, painting a picture with several people in it.	An elderly lady in a chair painting a picture of people.	entailment
13768	An old woman in a computer chair, painting a picture with several people in it.	A grandmother sitting in a chair, paints a picture of her family.	neutral
13769	An Asian store with people walking throughout and a big red arrow pointing left.	People are walking in a store with signage.	entailment
13770	An Asian store with people walking throughout and a big red arrow pointing left.	A large sign points to a sale item while people mill about shopping.	neutral
13771	An Asian store with people walking throughout and a big red arrow pointing left.	An Asian store with people skipping about near a big green arrow pointing right.	contradiction
13772	People are shopping at a busy marketplace.	A few people are browsing in a store.	neutral
13773	People are shopping at a busy marketplace.	Many people are buying goods at a market.	entailment
13774	People are shopping at a busy marketplace.	A single person does not buy anything from the garage sale.	contradiction
13775	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thailand marketplace sells food.	entailment
13776	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	The marketplace is no longer selling products.	contradiction
13777	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thai food marketplace.	entailment
13778	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A grocery store in the United Kingdom.	contradiction
13779	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	The area sells food in Thailand.	entailment
13780	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There is an abandoned Walmart overgrown with weeds in the middle of a ghost town.	contradiction
13781	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A market in Thailand selling seafood.	neutral
13782	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There will be an area to buy food in Asia.	neutral
13783	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There is a market that primarily deals in the sale of food items.	entailment
13784	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thailand marketplace is full of people.	neutral
13785	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A busy marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	neutral
13786	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There is a market that specializes in exotic foods.	neutral
13787	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thailand marketplace has not ever sold food.	contradiction
13788	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Meijer in Illinois selling groceries.	contradiction
13789	A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A market in Thailand selling food.	entailment
13790	Many people shopping in a indoor market.	There are people shopping	entailment
13791	Many people shopping in a indoor market.	There are people shopping outdoors	contradiction
13792	Many people shopping in a indoor market.	There are people shopping indoors for clothing	neutral
13793	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy can play a musical instrument.	entailment
13794	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy is playing music	entailment
13795	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The woman is playing an instrument along with the guy.	contradiction
13796	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The woman can play an instrument.	neutral
13797	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man and woman are fighting over a can of tuna.	contradiction
13798	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy is a professional musician	neutral
13799	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man and woman are beside eachother.	entailment
13800	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	the man is from scotland	neutral
13801	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	the man is fishing in the ocean	contradiction
13802	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man and woman are performing a musical piece.	neutral
13803	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	An old man plays the bagpipes standing next to a tall woman wearing a cut off shirt.	neutral
13804	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man plays the bagpipes standing next to a woman with her belly button showing.	entailment
13805	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy is laying in bed	contradiction
13806	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A guy is playing the flute while walking down the street.	contradiction
13807	A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	a man plays an instrument	entailment
13808	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	There are two people fighting in a river.	contradiction
13809	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A well dressed man is playing music with a woman next to him.	entailment
13810	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	Blond girl teasing her father who is playing bagpipes	neutral
13811	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	There is an old balding man standing while playing bagpipes.	neutral
13812	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	There is a person playing an instrument.	entailment
13813	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	young blonde woman in a blue shirt and skirt plays bagpipes while a balding man in a suit and tie sticks his tongue out	contradiction
13814	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	The man and woman are at a Scottish party.	neutral
13815	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A man plays the accordion alone.	contradiction
13816	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A man is preforming traditional Scottish music  as a woman teases him.	neutral
13817	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	a balding man with facial hair wearing a dark suit and tie plays bagpipes as a young blonde woman stands next to him in a blue shirt and skirt sticking her tongue out.	entailment
13818	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	Girl and man shopping in Walmart	contradiction
13819	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	Girl teasing bald man playing bagpipes	entailment
13820	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A couple are holding hands.	contradiction
13821	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A man plays bagpipes while a woman listens.	entailment
13822	A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	a balding man with facial hair wearing a dark suit and tie plays bagpipes as a young blonde woman stands next to him in a blue shirt and skirt sticking her tongue out in disgust.	neutral
13823	A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A man plays bagpipes near a woman.	entailment
13824	A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A woman plays with her dog.	contradiction
13825	A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A man plays Amazing Grace on the bagpipes.	neutral
13826	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man in a suit impresses his girlfriend by playing the bagpipes	neutral
13827	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man and a woman are next to each other and the man is playing bagpipes.	entailment
13828	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a suit next to a woman to try and impress her.	neutral
13829	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The woman is wearing a winter coat.	contradiction
13830	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a suit next to a woman.	entailment
13831	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The man is playing the instrument.	entailment
13832	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is next a young blond woman.	entailment
13833	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A woman plays the bagpipes for her boyfriend	contradiction
13834	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The woman is wearing a bikini.	neutral
13835	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A young blonde woman sits next to a man in a suit playing bagpipes	entailment
13836	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man and a woman are figure skating.	contradiction
13837	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man and woman are performing on stage.	neutral
13838	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a suit and playing bagpipes for another man.	contradiction
13839	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a purple suit.	neutral
13840	A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The man is silently doing nothing.	contradiction
13841	a well dressed man playing bagpipes next to a girl	A man entertains a girl.	neutral
13842	a well dressed man playing bagpipes next to a girl	A person playing an instrument.	entailment
13843	a well dressed man playing bagpipes next to a girl	A homeless man begs for change.	contradiction
13844	Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	On the stage, there are a bunch of people jumping to the sound of the music.	neutral
13845	Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	On the stage, there are a bunch of people jumping up in the air.	entailment
13846	Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	The people on the stage are standing and not moving at all.	contradiction
13847	A woman and two girls dressed in pink.	Three people are swimming.	contradiction
13848	A woman and two girls dressed in pink.	Three people are at a dance.	neutral
13849	A woman and two girls dressed in pink.	Three people are wearing pink.	entailment
13850	Buying fruit at an outdoor market.	Getting food outdoors.	entailment
13851	Buying fruit at an outdoor market.	Getting food at an indoor grocery store.	contradiction
13852	Buying fruit at an outdoor market.	Buying bananas at an outdoor market.	neutral
13853	A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair.	Some dancers at practice jump into the air.	neutral
13854	A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair.	A group of eight male dancers sits on  a bus.	contradiction
13855	A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair.	Some dancers jump into the air.	entailment
13856	A young girl wearing a purple sweater is mixing egg yolks in the kitchen.	A child is reading in her bedroom.	contradiction
13857	A young girl wearing a purple sweater is mixing egg yolks in the kitchen.	A girl is mixing eggs in the kitchen.	entailment
13858	A young girl wearing a purple sweater is mixing egg yolks in the kitchen.	A little girl is baking a cake in her kitchen.	neutral
13859	Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.	two people are reading a our grand father sign	neutral
13860	Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.	two people are reading a sign in front of a museum in improve our knowledge	entailment
13861	Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.	two people are running in the rain	contradiction
13862	Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk, one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders.	 Two women wearing red hijab garments.	neutral
13863	Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk, one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders.	 Two women wearing hijab garments.	entailment
13864	Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk, one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders.	Two women swimming in lava.	contradiction
13865	A dog under a sheet.	The dog is an animal.	entailment
13866	A dog under a sheet.	The dog is not an animal.	contradiction
13867	A dog under a sheet.	The sheet is blue.	neutral
13868	A blond girl opens her mouth.	A man is eating a donut.	contradiction
13869	A blond girl opens her mouth.	A girl has her mouth open.	entailment
13870	A blond girl opens her mouth.	A girl is singing.	neutral
13871	A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.	A dog getting shaved.	contradiction
13872	A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.	A dog being dressed for halloween	neutral
13873	A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.	A dressed up dog	entailment
13874	A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera.	A child sleeping at a photography session.	contradiction
13875	A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera.	A child making a face at a camera.	entailment
13876	A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera.	A child messing around with a cameraman.	neutral
13877	Adorable blond-hair little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture.	A blonde haired girl is posing for the camera at the zoo.	neutral
13878	Adorable blond-hair little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture.	A blonde haired girl is posing for the camera.	entailment
13879	Adorable blond-hair little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture.	A blonde haired girl is in class at school.	contradiction
13880	An older man in safety orange holds a piece of wood next to another older man with gray hair.	Two old men are friends.	neutral
13881	An older man in safety orange holds a piece of wood next to another older man with gray hair.	Two old men hold a beam.	entailment
13882	An older man in safety orange holds a piece of wood next to another older man with gray hair.	Two men walk past each other.	contradiction
13883	A male with sunglasses is out supporting his cause.	A man wears shorts and sits by a fountain.	contradiction
13884	A male with sunglasses is out supporting his cause.	A man wearing suglasses is showing support to his cause.	entailment
13885	A male with sunglasses is out supporting his cause.	A man wears a pair of sunglasses he bought in order to support a charity.	neutral
13886	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The men have no clothes.	contradiction
13887	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A worker is doing pole based work while a random dude in a striped shirt talks to him.	neutral
13888	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The man is naked in his shower.	contradiction
13889	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The man is near another man.	entailment
13890	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two men are wearing glasses.	entailment
13891	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two people dance in a ballroom.	contradiction
13892	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	a man wears a cap	entailment
13893	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A worker and a man are depicted here.	entailment
13894	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The men are at the beach.	neutral
13895	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	the man is a farmer	neutral
13896	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
13897	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A construction worker performs hard manual labor while a pedestrian looks on.	neutral
13898	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The man is wearing pants.	neutral
13899	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A safety official uses a streetlamp post to impale the Umpire of the Super Bowl.	contradiction
13900	A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two men stand together, one dressed in orange safety gear and holding a pole and the other one wearing stripes.	entailment
13901	A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.	A woman is talking to her sister.	contradiction
13902	A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.	A man is talking to a man.	entailment
13903	A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.	A man is talking to his brother.	neutral
13904	The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.	The woman and man are kissing each other passionately.	contradiction
13905	The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.	The woman is married to the man.	neutral
13906	The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.	There are two people.	entailment
13907	A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture, holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder.	A man breaks the picture.	contradiction
13908	A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture, holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder.	A man is in front of a painted picture.	neutral
13909	A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture, holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder.	A man is in front of a picture.	entailment
13910	An old man holding a large stick.	A guy holding something.	entailment
13911	An old man holding a large stick.	A elderly male with a hiking stick.	neutral
13912	An old man holding a large stick.	A old guy is clapping.	contradiction
13913	A woman taking her wallet out of her purse at a vendor stand.	A woman spends her last few dollars to buy something at a vendor stand.	neutral
13914	A woman taking her wallet out of her purse at a vendor stand.	A woman buying something from a vendor.	entailment
13915	A woman taking her wallet out of her purse at a vendor stand.	The man pulls out a gun to rob the vendor stand.	contradiction
13916	A woman is eagerly waiting on her dinner guest.	The woman is getting impatient waiting on her dinner guest.	neutral
13917	A woman is eagerly waiting on her dinner guest.	The woman is having a hot date tonight at the restaurant.	entailment
13918	A woman is eagerly waiting on her dinner guest.	The woman was having a movie night in with her girlfriends.	contradiction
13919	The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom	The skiier is about to bite it.	neutral
13920	The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom	The skateboarder slides down a ramp.	contradiction
13921	The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom	The athlete tries to perform a difficult task.	entailment
13922	A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.	The skier is drinking in the hot tub.	contradiction
13923	A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.	The skier is holding ski poles.	entailment
13924	A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.	The skier is in a race.	neutral
13925	Two men walking down the sidewalk carrying skateboards.	Two people are walking to the skate park.	neutral
13926	Two men walking down the sidewalk carrying skateboards.	Two people are walking outside.	entailment
13927	Two men walking down the sidewalk carrying skateboards.	Two woman are carrying skateboards.	contradiction
13928	Women sitting at a bar, two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background.	Women are sitting at a bar with two drinks.	entailment
13929	Women sitting at a bar, two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background.	Women are having drinks at home.	contradiction
13930	Women sitting at a bar, two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background.	Women at the bar are drinking vodka sprites.	neutral
13931	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.	A woman is sitting at home in her pyjamas.	contradiction
13932	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.	A female is sitting down.	entailment
13933	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.	A woman is at an expensive restaurant.	neutral
13934	a female sitting at a table with a drink in front of her.	A female sleeping in a crowded classroom.	contradiction
13935	a female sitting at a table with a drink in front of her.	A female sitting at a table with a drink at a bar.	neutral
13936	a female sitting at a table with a drink in front of her.	A women sitting at a table next to a glass filled wth her drink.	entailment
13937	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a bar.	There is no one inside the bar	contradiction
13938	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a bar.	People are drinking.	neutral
13939	A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a bar.	There is a female at the bar	entailment
13940	Two girls and one boy with a shovel, digging in a large pile of dirt.	Three kids are playing outside.	entailment
13941	Two girls and one boy with a shovel, digging in a large pile of dirt.	Three kids are digging for earthworms.	neutral
13942	Two girls and one boy with a shovel, digging in a large pile of dirt.	Three kids are filing in holes with dirt.	contradiction
13943	The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.	A skier is coming down a mountain.	contradiction
13944	The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.	A snowboarder is completing a jump.	entailment
13945	The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.	A snowboarder is showing off.	neutral
13946	A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	The dog walks along the sidewalk with no collar.	contradiction
13947	A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	The red collar around the dog is a tracking device for the owner.	neutral
13948	A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	The black dog has a red collar and sits in the sand.	entailment
13949	The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.	A dog is chasing a ball around.	neutral
13950	The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.	A dog is playing fetch.	entailment
13951	The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.	A dog is chasing down a frisbee.	contradiction
13952	A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A school room filled with different aged children.	entailment
13953	A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A classroom with some teenagers in it.	contradiction
13954	A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A room filled with kids.	neutral
13955	Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.	Young girls are playing in the water.	entailment
13956	Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.	Two girls in pink swimsuits are having fun in their new pool.	neutral
13957	Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.	The water is twenty feet deep.	contradiction
13958	a black lab sits in the sand.	The dog is running across the surf, chasing a young boy and girl running in front of him.	contradiction
13959	a black lab sits in the sand.	There is a dog in this picture.	entailment
13960	a black lab sits in the sand.	The dog is resting after playing all day with his family at the beach.	neutral
13961	Kids play in water.	Kids are playing ball in the water.	neutral
13962	Kids play in water.	There are kids in the water.	entailment
13963	Kids play in water.	Kids are playing chess in the park.	contradiction
13964	A British concert band seated and playing under a canvas awning across from a crowd of spectators gathered on the lawn.	Members of the audience form a mosh pit after being energized by the rock band's performance.	contradiction
13965	A British concert band seated and playing under a canvas awning across from a crowd of spectators gathered on the lawn.	A band performing music for a large group of people.	entailment
13966	A British concert band seated and playing under a canvas awning across from a crowd of spectators gathered on the lawn.	A concert performance is being given by the members of the local secondary school's music program.	neutral
13967	Patriotic band is playing music for onlookers.	A band is being payed to perform for others.	neutral
13968	Patriotic band is playing music for onlookers.	A band is cooking for onlookers.	contradiction
13969	Patriotic band is playing music for onlookers.	A band is playing music for onlookers.	entailment
13970	Three people are watching a concert while seated in lawn chairs.	Three people sit on the lawn eating snacks.	neutral
13971	Three people are watching a concert while seated in lawn chairs.	Three people are sunbathing.	contradiction
13972	Three people are watching a concert while seated in lawn chairs.	People are at an outdoor concert.	entailment
13973	Four young girls sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	Four boys playing soccer.	contradiction
13974	Four young girls sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	Some girls are eating lunch.	entailment
13975	Four young girls sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	Four friends from school sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	neutral
13976	Four young children eating lunch outside.	The children are inside.	contradiction
13977	Four young children eating lunch outside.	The children are outside.	entailment
13978	Four young children eating lunch outside.	The children are hungry.	neutral
13979	Four young girls are at a table eating a meal outside on a sunny day.	The girls are dining outside.	entailment
13980	Four young girls are at a table eating a meal outside on a sunny day.	The girls are taking shelter from the rain.	contradiction
13981	Four young girls are at a table eating a meal outside on a sunny day.	The girls are eating grilled cheese sandwiches.	neutral
13982	Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs.	four girls are eating inside.	contradiction
13983	Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs.	Four girls sit and talk about their hotdogs.	neutral
13984	Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs.	four girls are sitting outside.	entailment
13985	A group of girls is eating out on a deck.	A group of men eating inside	contradiction
13986	A group of girls is eating out on a deck.	A group of friends eating together	neutral
13987	A group of girls is eating out on a deck.	A group of people eating outside	entailment
13988	An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.	An American walking on the beach.	contradiction
13989	An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.	A man riding his bike.	entailment
13990	An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.	An asian man jogging down the street.	neutral
13991	A man rides his bicycle down the middle of a road.	The man is outside.	entailment
13992	A man rides his bicycle down the middle of a road.	The man is driving a car.	contradiction
13993	A man rides his bicycle down the middle of a road.	The man is in bicycle race.	neutral
13994	A man and his friend push a concession stand while in the park.	A man and his friend are pushing a hot dog stand in a park.	neutral
13995	A man and his friend push a concession stand while in the park.	A man and his friend are standing behind a concession stand.	contradiction
13996	A man and his friend push a concession stand while in the park.	A man and his friend are at a concession stand.	entailment
13997	A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.	A boy is playing on a sidewalk.	neutral
13998	A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.	A boy is riding in a car.	contradiction
13999	A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.	A boy is outside.	entailment
14000	Two men dressed in jeans and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	two men push a cart	entailment
14001	Two men dressed in jeans and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	Two men dressed in shorts and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	contradiction
14002	Two men dressed in jeans and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	the men are at a concet	neutral
14003	Asian man in suit rides his bike on up the street.	The Asian man is outdoors.	entailment
14004	Asian man in suit rides his bike on up the street.	The Asian man is riding his bike during the day.	neutral
14005	Asian man in suit rides his bike on up the street.	The man is sitting on the roof.	contradiction
14006	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The girl skips down the sidewalk.	contradiction
14007	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is sitting on the porch of a brick building.	contradiction
14008	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is standing between 2 buildings	neutral
14009	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is outside.	entailment
14010	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is outdoors.	entailment
14011	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is balancing next to a temple.	neutral
14012	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is sitting on a rock.	contradiction
14013	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is watching TV at home.	contradiction
14014	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is in Japan.	neutral
14015	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is stepping on a stone near a brick building.	entailment
14016	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is at a tea party at his friend's house.	contradiction
14017	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is outside.	entailment
14018	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is walking home from school.	neutral
14019	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is stepping on a rock outside.	entailment
14020	An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	An Asian boy is hoding a ball and stepping on a stone.	neutral
14021	A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	A guy wearing wearing blue socks.	entailment
14022	A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	A man is wearing black pants.	contradiction
14023	A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	A man wearing blue socks and a green kilt.	neutral
14024	A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.	The man is playing a scottish song.	neutral
14025	A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.	The man is wearing blue jeans.	contradiction
14026	A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.	The man is wearing a kilt.	entailment
14027	A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event.	The man is in a gown.	contradiction
14028	A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event.	The man is Scottish.	neutral
14029	A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event.	A man is in a kilt.	entailment
14030	The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field.	A man wearing a kilt at a Highland Games festival.	neutral
14031	The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field.	A man wearing a kilt in a field.	entailment
14032	The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field.	A man wearing pants working in a field.	contradiction
14033	Women walks down mall entrance with Spanish writing.	A woman is indoors.	entailment
14034	Women walks down mall entrance with Spanish writing.	A woman is driving.	contradiction
14035	Women walks down mall entrance with Spanish writing.	A woman is in  Mexico.	neutral
14036	A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.	A person is playing with a toy outside.	entailment
14037	A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.	A teenager is is playing with a toy while walking her dog.	neutral
14038	A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.	The girl is at home watching TV.	contradiction
14039	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	A man takes a photo in front of graffiti	entailment
14040	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The slightly visible man is taking pictures of the graffiti	entailment
14041	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is plain brick design.	contradiction
14042	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is running on a treadmill.	contradiction
14043	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man taking the picture is smoking a cigarette.	neutral
14044	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is painted with great artwork	neutral
14045	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	A man who you can see all his face poses	contradiction
14046	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is plain.	contradiction
14047	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is near a wall.	entailment
14048	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The graffiti artist is posing in front of his work.	neutral
14049	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is very easy to view.	contradiction
14050	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	There is a wall of grafitti.	entailment
14051	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is decorated with bright colors.	entailment
14052	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	A man painting a wall	neutral
14053	The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall has a graffiti of Garfield.	neutral
14054	A woman in jeans is walking past a woman dressed in red in a plaza.	The woman in jeans stopped infront of the woman dressed in red.	contradiction
14055	A woman in jeans is walking past a woman dressed in red in a plaza.	Both females are walking to a destination.	neutral
14056	A woman in jeans is walking past a woman dressed in red in a plaza.	The female in jeans passed the woman dressed in red at the plaza.	entailment
14057	A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.	A walkway is surrounded by a brick wall.	contradiction
14058	A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.	A walkway is surrounded by pillars	entailment
14059	A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.	A walkway is created by white pillars on each side	neutral
14060	People walking down a busy street in the middle east.	people walking down a busy street	entailment
14061	People walking down a busy street in the middle east.	people sitting in a busy street	contradiction
14062	People walking down a busy street in the middle east.	people may be watching cars	neutral
14063	A police officer is performing with a puppet that looks like a bird.	The police officer is in uniform.	neutral
14064	A police officer is performing with a puppet that looks like a bird.	There is a firefighter running into a building on fire.	contradiction
14065	A police officer is performing with a puppet that looks like a bird.	There is a puppet.	entailment
14066	A African teacher, smiling, while working with baby on back.	An English teacher is writing on the board.	contradiction
14067	A African teacher, smiling, while working with baby on back.	A man is on his way home.	neutral
14068	A African teacher, smiling, while working with baby on back.	A teacher is holding a baby.	entailment
14069	A man on a bicycle riding down a road.	A man is driving down a road.	contradiction
14070	A man on a bicycle riding down a road.	A man is riding his bike on the street	entailment
14071	A man on a bicycle riding down a road.	A man is riding his bike outside.	neutral
14072	A night photo of a person making a fireball.	A night photo of a person.	entailment
14073	A night photo of a person making a fireball.	A night photo of several people making a snowman.	contradiction
14074	A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard.	The burst of fire is from a malfunctioning nuclear weapon.	contradiction
14075	A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard.	The experiment is related to time travel.	neutral
14076	A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard.	Someone is running an experiment.	entailment
14077	a man breathes fire.	The man is half dragon.	neutral
14078	a man breathes fire.	The man is breathing fire.	entailment
14079	a man breathes fire.	The man is lighting the house on fire.	contradiction
14080	A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.	A man is behind a fence.	neutral
14081	A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.	A man is breathing fire.	entailment
14082	A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.	A man is jumping off a cliff.	contradiction
14083	A couple is sitting in a blue raft watching a lot of people in bathing suits on a boat.	a couple sitting in a raft that is about to cap size	neutral
14084	A couple is sitting in a blue raft watching a lot of people in bathing suits on a boat.	a couple having dinner	contradiction
14085	A couple is sitting in a blue raft watching a lot of people in bathing suits on a boat.	a couple sitting in a raft	entailment
14086	Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes& play in the bubbles.	There is a boy playing.	entailment
14087	Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes& play in the bubbles.	A mother and son are sleeping.	contradiction
14088	Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes& play in the bubbles.	A boy and his mom are in the kitchen.	neutral
14089	Black woman with her baby tied to her back writing on a chalkboard.	The woman is teaching a class.	neutral
14090	Black woman with her baby tied to her back writing on a chalkboard.	The black woman has a baby.	entailment
14091	Black woman with her baby tied to her back writing on a chalkboard.	The woman does not have a baby.	contradiction
14092	Various people are trying to board a crowded, orange bus at night.	people trying to board	entailment
14093	Various people are trying to board a crowded, orange bus at night.	the people are women	neutral
14094	Various people are trying to board a crowded, orange bus at night.	the people are flying a plane	contradiction
14095	Two people are walking in the woods.	several people are treking past trees	neutral
14096	Two people are walking in the woods.	some people hiking thru a forest	entailment
14097	Two people are walking in the woods.	one person is running on  down town sidewalks	contradiction
14098	A photographer taking pictures.	A man crying	contradiction
14099	A photographer taking pictures.	A photographer holding a camera	entailment
14100	A photographer taking pictures.	A photographer taking pictures of the president	neutral
14101	A woman in a black dress is surrounded by four men, all holding sheets of paper.	A woman is wearing a dress.	entailment
14102	A woman in a black dress is surrounded by four men, all holding sheets of paper.	Men ask an actress for her autograph.	neutral
14103	A woman in a black dress is surrounded by four men, all holding sheets of paper.	A woman is running from men.	contradiction
14104	Four men and a woman singing a song together at a party.	A group of people singing.	entailment
14105	Four men and a woman singing a song together at a party.	A group of nuns watching tv.	contradiction
14106	Four men and a woman singing a song together at a party.	Four men and a woman sing happy birthday.	neutral
14107	A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A man is juggling items.	entailment
14108	A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A person is preparing his yearly tax returns	contradiction
14109	A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A man performs his act for the local music festival.	neutral
14110	A boy and a girl sit while facing the water.	They are sitting in a bathtub.	neutral
14111	A boy and a girl sit while facing the water.	A boy and girl are sitting in water.	neutral
14112	A boy and a girl sit while facing the water.	There are dogs taking a bath.	contradiction
14113	A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.	A woman is giving a dog a treat.	neutral
14114	A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.	A woman is holding something near a dog.	entailment
14115	A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.	A dingo is biting a woman with no hands.	contradiction
14116	Two young women wearing bikini tops and denim shorts walk along side an orange VW Beetle.	Two young women are getting inside the VW Beetle	neutral
14117	Two young women wearing bikini tops and denim shorts walk along side an orange VW Beetle.	Two young women are not wearing coats and jeans	entailment
14118	Two young women wearing bikini tops and denim shorts walk along side an orange VW Beetle.	Two young women are swimming in the lake	contradiction
14119	A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.	A woman happily raises her hand	neutral
14120	A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.	A woman raises her hand	entailment
14121	A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.	A woman doesn't raise her hand	contradiction
14122	A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start.	A girl is about to play in a hockey tournament.	neutral
14123	A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start.	A young blond woman holds her radio by the hockey field.	contradiction
14124	A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start.	A young woman waits to play hockey.	entailment
14125	A young lady opens a gift.	A little girl is knitting.	contradiction
14126	A young lady opens a gift.	A girl celebrates her birthday.	neutral
14127	A young lady opens a gift.	A lady has a gift.	entailment
14128	Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt.	Two men are walking together.	contradiction
14129	Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt.	Women are outside	entailment
14130	Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt.	Woman are at a street fair.	neutral
14131	Three young boy acting in a play.	Three girls playing.	contradiction
14132	Three young boy acting in a play.	Three boys in a play.	entailment
14133	Three young boy acting in a play.	Three boys enjoying themselves.	neutral
14134	A young man doing skateboarding trick with another man watching.	A man watches as a young man does skateboard tricks.	entailment
14135	A young man doing skateboarding trick with another man watching.	A father watches his teenage son doing skateboard tricks.	neutral
14136	A young man doing skateboarding trick with another man watching.	A cat is playing with a ball of yarn.	contradiction
14137	A woman with brown hair and a black blazer is making a speech at a podium about working women.	A woman is giving a speech to a crowd	entailment
14138	A woman with brown hair and a black blazer is making a speech at a podium about working women.	A woman is speaking to several other women	neutral
14139	A woman with brown hair and a black blazer is making a speech at a podium about working women.	A woman is telling other woman to retire and go home	contradiction
14140	A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table.	Women talking near furniture.	entailment
14141	A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table.	Bald women swallowing oysters.	contradiction
14142	A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table.	Woman arguing over the cost of a table.	neutral
14143	Two people play outdoors.	two people are outdoors	entailment
14144	Two people play outdoors.	two people are on a plane	contradiction
14145	Two people play outdoors.	two people are having fun outdoors	neutral
14146	This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence.	The man is afraid to light his batons until he gets better at juggling.	contradiction
14147	This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence.	The man is outside.	neutral
14148	This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence.	The man is juggling fire.	entailment
14149	Two women visiting a wine sample table.	The women are visiting a wine sample table while at a winery.	neutral
14150	Two women visiting a wine sample table.	The women are at a location where alcohol is served.	entailment
14151	Two women visiting a wine sample table.	The women are sleeping.	contradiction
14152	Two children look down squeezing through a fence.	The fence has no holes	contradiction
14153	Two children look down squeezing through a fence.	People climb through a hole in a fence	entailment
14154	Two children look down squeezing through a fence.	Two siblings sneak out of their backyard	neutral
14155	A woman holding the hand of a young girl, as they walk by a subway bench.	A woman and a girl running down a narrow dirt road.	contradiction
14156	A woman holding the hand of a young girl, as they walk by a subway bench.	A woman and a girl walking by a subway bench with a man sleeping on it.	neutral
14157	A woman holding the hand of a young girl, as they walk by a subway bench.	A woman and her daughter holding hands as they go to catch the subway train.	entailment
14158	Two women walking by an orange VW bug.	The car is empty.	neutral
14159	Two women walking by an orange VW bug.	The car is nearby.	entailment
14160	Two women walking by an orange VW bug.	The car is far away from the women.	contradiction
14161	Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.	Woman in an orange top is running past the 4 men	contradiction
14162	Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.	The men are not walking.	entailment
14163	Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.	They are all watching the woman	neutral
14164	Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.	The pets are sitting on a couch.	contradiction
14165	Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.	Some puppies are running to catch a ball.	neutral
14166	Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.	Ther are animals outdoors.	entailment
14167	A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.	The woman is hispanic.	neutral
14168	A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.	The woman is holding a camera.	entailment
14169	A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.	The woman is sad.	contradiction
14170	A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting.	A woman sitting in a lawnchair	contradiction
14171	A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting.	A black man wearing a hat, sitting on a curb	entailment
14172	A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting.	A man wearing a white shirt and black hat sitting on a curb	neutral
14173	A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street.	Woman running home	neutral
14174	A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street.	Woman with a white shirt going to school	contradiction
14175	A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street.	Woman wearing a pink shirt	entailment
14176	A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.	The woman walks somberly toward the funeral ceremony.	neutral
14177	A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.	A man eats a hotdog at his kitchen table.	contradiction
14178	A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.	The lady in black walks while wearing her shades.	entailment
14179	Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner	A lone man rides his bike around a track	contradiction
14180	Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner	Two rivals try to beat each other in a bike race	neutral
14181	Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner	A couple of people racing on bicycles	entailment
14182	Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Men are in colorful costumes	entailment
14183	Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Men are about to perform in a new play	neutral
14184	Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Men are nude	contradiction
14185	Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb.	A group of asian men wearing traditional garb practicing karate with one another.	neutral
14186	Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb.	A group of asian men sitting down together for a meal.	contradiction
14187	Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb.	A group of asian men wearing traditional garb practicing with one another.	entailment
14188	Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches.	The men dressed in costumes are taking a lunch break after their performance.	contradiction
14189	Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches.	A crowd is watching a performance where men are dressed in pirate outfits.	neutral
14190	Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches.	A crowd is watching men dresses in costumes perform.	entailment
14191	A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.	A woman with green hair  hula hoops as the crowd cheers.	neutral
14192	A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.	A woman hula hoops.	entailment
14193	A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.	A woman with blue hair hula hoops before a growd.	contradiction
14194	A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.	A clown shows off her hulahooping skills.	neutral
14195	A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.	A woman falls over while running.	contradiction
14196	A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.	A woman shakes her hips.	entailment
14197	A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.	A woman selling crack.	contradiction
14198	A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.	A woman hula hooping for a crowd.	neutral
14199	A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.	A woman with green hair hula hooping.	entailment
14200	The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.	A girl swinging a pink hula hoop.	neutral
14201	The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.	A girl swinging a hula hoop.	entailment
14202	The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.	A girl with red hair and a black glove swinging a hula hoop.	contradiction
14203	A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.	A man diving.	entailment
14204	A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.	A man looking at the water before diving.	neutral
14205	A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.	A man on a bike.	contradiction
14206	A man in navy blue& orange outfit is riding a Go-cart.	A man wearing a navy blue and orange outfit drivng a go cart in a go cart race.	neutral
14207	A man in navy blue& orange outfit is riding a Go-cart.	A man wearing red and green riding a horse.	contradiction
14208	A man in navy blue& orange outfit is riding a Go-cart.	A man wearing a navy blue and orange outfit riding in a go cart at a go cart track.	entailment
14209	A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest.	A man is driving.	entailment
14210	A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest.	The man is in a hurry.	neutral
14211	A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest.	A woman is driving.	contradiction
14212	A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites.	The streets are busy.	neutral
14213	A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites.	The construction worker is directing traffic.	entailment
14214	A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites.	The worker is sitting down on his phone.	contradiction
14215	A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man is sending a text message while driving.	contradiction
14216	A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man is driving a car happily.	entailment
14217	A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man is driving a red car.	neutral
14218	Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.	Child sitting on a rock in the water.	entailment
14219	Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.	Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water while the pet dog takes a swim.	neutral
14220	Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.	Child wearing a blue shirt sits on the couch playing video games.	contradiction
14221	A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water	A girl swims out to the middle of the lake.	neutral
14222	A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water	Girl is outdoors.	entailment
14223	A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water	A girl is on a boat.	contradiction
14224	A man performs repairs on a public transportation system.	A man is cooking hamburgers.	contradiction
14225	A man performs repairs on a public transportation system.	A man fixes a public transit bus.	entailment
14226	A man performs repairs on a public transportation system.	A man is holding a wrench.	neutral
14227	A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.	two men chase a giant ball	entailment
14228	A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.	two men chase a giant ball that will pop if they don't catch it	neutral
14229	A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.	two men chase 2 girls	contradiction
14230	A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.	the man is wearing an orange vest.	neutral
14231	A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.	The worker is a lawyer.	contradiction
14232	A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.	The worker moves something.	entailment
14233	A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city.	The man is quitting and going home.	contradiction
14234	A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city.	The engineer makes repairs.	neutral
14235	A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city.	A man works outside.	entailment
14236	A man wearing a orange work vest is using a device to work on railing for public transit, in the city.	the man is using a hammer	neutral
14237	A man wearing a orange work vest is using a device to work on railing for public transit, in the city.	a man is working	entailment
14238	A man wearing a orange work vest is using a device to work on railing for public transit, in the city.	the man painted by the river	contradiction
14239	two men roll a huge ball.	Women are playing catch with a ball.	contradiction
14240	two men roll a huge ball.	Men roll a ball.	entailment
14241	two men roll a huge ball.	Two men are rolling a ball down a hallway.	neutral
14242	A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.	A shoeshine man is patiently waiting for his next customer.	entailment
14243	A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.	A shoeshine man is on his lunch break.	neutral
14244	A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.	The man is polishing a shoe.	contradiction
14245	A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping.	The child sleeping in the princess outfit was a little girl.	neutral
14246	A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping.	The child was asleep wearing a princess outfit	entailment
14247	A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping.	The child was not wearing a princess outfit.	contradiction
14248	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A boy waits to shine shoes.	neutral
14249	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A person waiting for customers outside his shop.	neutral
14250	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shoe shiner is happy to wait for customers	neutral
14251	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shoe shiner died.	contradiction
14252	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner is present.	entailment
14253	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	a person shining shoes waiting for a new customer to come so he can feed his family	neutral
14254	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A person shining shoes.	contradiction
14255	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	a person shining shoes waiting for a new customer to come	entailment
14256	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shoe shiner is busy	contradiction
14257	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner runs.	contradiction
14258	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shiner is waiting patiently	entailment
14259	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A person waiting for customers.	entailment
14260	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner waits.	entailment
14261	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner happily waits.	neutral
14262	A shoe shiner waits for customers.	a man shines a light	contradiction
14263	A man sites on a bench waiting to shoeshine.	The man near a bench.	entailment
14264	A man sites on a bench waiting to shoeshine.	The man is wearing black shoes.	neutral
14265	A man sites on a bench waiting to shoeshine.	There are no shoes.	contradiction
14266	A little girl dressed in a princess costume, asleep on a wood floor.	There lies a female who is not awake.	entailment
14267	A little girl dressed in a princess costume, asleep on a wood floor.	The girl is dressed as Cinderella.	neutral
14268	A little girl dressed in a princess costume, asleep on a wood floor.	The girl is awake and eating Halloween candy.	contradiction
14269	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	She is sleeping on a bed.	contradiction
14270	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl is on her parents' room floor	neutral
14271	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is cuddling her doll.	entailment
14272	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl is attached to her baby doll	entailment
14273	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is inside.	entailment
14274	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is dancing with her dolls.	contradiction
14275	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl in pink is sleeping on the wooden floor with her doll.	entailment
14276	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl has is sleeping with her head on a pillow.	neutral
14277	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl does not have a bed.	neutral
14278	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl is in her bed	contradiction
14279	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The floor is cold.	neutral
14280	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is laying on the floor with her toy.	neutral
14281	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	Her doll brings her comfort.	entailment
14282	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is playing with her doll outside.	contradiction
14283	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is wearing shoes.	contradiction
14284	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is naked.	contradiction
14285	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is a large.	neutral
14286	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	There is a girl.	entailment
14287	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is in outer space.	contradiction
14288	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl failing at playing hide and go seek.	contradiction
14289	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is sleeping.	entailment
14290	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is in a sleeping bag.	neutral
14291	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The little girl sleeping in pink is fast asleep, dreaming about her dolls.	neutral
14292	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Some little girls like to sleep with their dolls.	entailment
14293	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Her dolls are in the cabinet.	contradiction
14294	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl napping with her dolls.	entailment
14295	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She is in a foster home.	neutral
14296	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is near her dolls.	entailment
14297	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is watching TV	contradiction
14298	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl exhausted after playing with her dolls.	neutral
14299	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl has a blanket over her and her dolls.	neutral
14300	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	All young children hate to sleep with dolls.	contradiction
14301	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She loves her dolls.	entailment
14302	An African American man smiling.	The man is crying.	contradiction
14303	An African American man smiling.	The man is happy.	entailment
14304	An African American man smiling.	The man is showing his teeth to a doctor.	neutral
14305	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A boy is walking outside.	entailment
14306	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A grandmother is hiking on a nature trail with her grandson.	neutral
14307	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A elderly woman is being mugged by a young boy dressed in black.	contradiction
14308	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is smiling at something.	entailment
14309	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The man is smiling at a friend.	neutral
14310	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is getting pissed off.	contradiction
14311	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is indoors.	neutral
14312	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is watching a movie.	entailment
14313	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is wearing short pants and a muscle shirt.	contradiction
14314	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl plays golf with her father.	contradiction
14315	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl rides her bike.	entailment
14316	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl rides her bike in the grass.	neutral
14317	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A man is smiling at his family member.	neutral
14318	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A person wears a pair of pants.	entailment
14319	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A man in khakis frowns at someone else.	contradiction
14320	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A woman applying makeup in the mirror.	contradiction
14321	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man smoking a cigarette in front of a building.	entailment
14322	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man sitting outside his home, smoking.	neutral
14323	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is sitting on his stoop.	neutral
14324	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
14325	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is smoking a cigarette.	entailment
14326	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is wearing a robe	contradiction
14327	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is outside.	neutral
14328	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is smoking.	entailment
14329	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	The man is a world-class sprinter, and has just won the gold medal at the U.S. Track Invitational.	contradiction
14330	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	There is one man in the picture.	entailment
14331	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	The man is taking a break from his job as a server at the local cafe.	neutral
14332	A man sitting on a step.	a man is sitting	entailment
14333	A man sitting on a step.	the man is a model	neutral
14334	A man sitting on a step.	the man is standing	contradiction
14335	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Men jumping on a raft.	contradiction
14336	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two women walking.	entailment
14337	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two ladies at an art gallery.	neutral
14338	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are laying in bed.	contradiction
14339	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are pushing heavy equipment.	entailment
14340	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are factory workers.	neutral
14341	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	The parents silently wished they could transport their daughter via conveyor belt as well.	neutral
14342	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	People utilize modern technology.	entailment
14343	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	A family pushes a device with sheer muscle power.	contradiction
14344	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	Three people are running to catch a train.	contradiction
14345	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	These people are trying to place big machinery in another room	neutral
14346	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	people are transporting a big machinery.	entailment
14347	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	Several persons try to move a medical equipment.	entailment
14348	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	Men working in healthcare support service.	neutral
14349	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	X-ray machine was ready for the next patient.	contradiction
14350	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	Three men are pushing a machine.	neutral
14351	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	Three people carry a large machine across the hall.	contradiction
14352	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	A few people are outside  moving a machine.	entailment
14353	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A boy stands in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
14354	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A person stands in a dimly lit area.	entailment
14355	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A sad girl stands in a dimly lit area.	neutral
14356	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing a dress outside.	contradiction
14357	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman is waiting for a taxi.	neutral
14358	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing clothes outside.	entailment
14359	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is sleeping.	contradiction
14360	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is standing.	entailment
14361	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is waiting.	neutral
14362	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Male is standing in the middle of a bus.	contradiction
14363	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Girls is standing at train station.	entailment
14364	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Girl is standing in a restaurant.	neutral
14365	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A girl is wearing pants.	entailment
14366	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A coach in uniform stands watching the team with his arms folded.	contradiction
14367	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A model is wearing jeans and is posing for a moody-looking teenage angst picture.	neutral
14368	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are leaving a clean home.	contradiction
14369	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are working in a dirty room with red material	entailment
14370	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are making a house dirty with some fabric	neutral
14371	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	There are destitute people.	entailment
14372	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	The people live in a rich country.	contradiction
14373	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	Some of them live in slums.	neutral
14374	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	some people are being watched	neutral
14375	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a couple of men are playing guitars	contradiction
14376	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a woman is looking at men doing something	entailment
14377	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is laying on the hot beach.	contradiction
14378	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is wearing red.	entailment
14379	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is outside.	neutral
14380	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three boys in the ocean	entailment
14381	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three girls fall in the water	contradiction
14382	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three brothers get splashed by a wave	neutral
14383	Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.	A wave is about to crash on four people.	entailment
14384	Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.	Some people are sleeping.	contradiction
14385	Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.	Some people are relaxing on the beach.	neutral
14386	A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of.	A family is outside near a canal with boats.	entailment
14387	A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of.	A family watches the boats on the canal.	neutral
14388	A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of.	The family is sitting in the den.	contradiction
14389	A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children.	A man and woman snack with kids.	entailment
14390	A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children.	The man and woman are the parents of the kids.	neutral
14391	A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children.	The two women in blue shirts eat dinner with the kids.	contradiction
14392	A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor.	A family of four guys is standing and eating their lunch by a harbor.	neutral
14393	A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor.	A family of four is sitting at a harbor to catch the next boat.	contradiction
14394	A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor.	A family is eating by a harbor.	entailment
14395	A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	Two strangers are outdoors on a cloudy day.	contradiction
14396	A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	People are standing outside.	entailment
14397	A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	Three generations of the family are waiting outside.	neutral
14398	A family standing on a dock eating snacks!	The family is spending time together.	entailment
14399	A family standing on a dock eating snacks!	The people are at the movies.	contradiction
14400	A family standing on a dock eating snacks!	The people are near the ocean.	neutral
14401	Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A man is crying over his dead dog.	neutral
14402	Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A man with glasses.	entailment
14403	Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A dog is eating his owner's hand.	contradiction
14404	two toddlers play together.	A group of teenagers play video games.	contradiction
14405	two toddlers play together.	Two infants play a game of Tic-Tac-Toe.	neutral
14406	two toddlers play together.	There are babies next to each other.	entailment
14407	Two young children are playing with toys.	The kids are playing.	entailment
14408	Two young children are playing with toys.	The children are in a sandbox.	neutral
14409	Two young children are playing with toys.	The children are taking a nap.	contradiction
14410	Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.	Some small children are in the playpen.	entailment
14411	Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.	The children are at daycare.	neutral
14412	Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.	The children are climbing into the treehouse.	contradiction
14413	Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.	Two infants crying in their crib.	contradiction
14414	Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.	Two very young children in a playground.	entailment
14415	Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.	Two young brothers playing in a ball pit.	neutral
14416	A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.	A guy plays guitar.	entailment
14417	A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.	A guy busks on a busy NOLA street corner for tips.	neutral
14418	A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.	A dog chases a car.	contradiction
14419	The man does a trick on the fourwheeler.	A man does risky things while riding an All-Terrain Vehicle.	neutral
14420	The man does a trick on the fourwheeler.	A boy pops a wheelie on a bicycle.	contradiction
14421	The man does a trick on the fourwheeler.	A guy on an ATV.	entailment
14422	A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A woman walking.	contradiction
14423	A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A man is smiling.	entailment
14424	A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A man sitting at a steering wheel.	entailment
14425	A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.	A taxi driver turns to the backseat to collect the fare.	neutral
14426	A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.	A man drives a car into a tree.	contradiction
14427	A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.	A man is in a car.	entailment
14428	A man with a mustache who is driving a Mercedes-Benz, is looking over his shoulder and smiling.	A man is driving a car and smiling.	entailment
14429	A man with a mustache who is driving a Mercedes-Benz, is looking over his shoulder and smiling.	A clean shaven man is driving a BMW and angry.	contradiction
14430	A man with a mustache who is driving a Mercedes-Benz, is looking over his shoulder and smiling.	A man is having fun delivering a car for valet service.	neutral
14431	A man facing the camera and smiling while behind the wheel of a car.	Don't drink and drive	contradiction
14432	A man facing the camera and smiling while behind the wheel of a car.	While driving a car a man is facing the camera and smiling	entailment
14433	A man facing the camera and smiling while behind the wheel of a car.	While driving a car a man is facing the camera and smiling with his friends	neutral
14434	An old man with his face turned around smiling while holding his car wheel.	The old man is eating a sandwich.	contradiction
14435	An old man with his face turned around smiling while holding his car wheel.	The old man is helping his daughter correct her driving by grabbing the car wheel.	neutral
14436	An old man with his face turned around smiling while holding his car wheel.	An old man has his hands on the wheel of a car.	entailment
14437	Two girls sitting in a bar.	Two girls are in a race.	contradiction
14438	Two girls sitting in a bar.	Two girls are sitting.	entailment
14439	Two girls sitting in a bar.	Two best friends share a drink.	neutral
14440	Two women are sitting at a table and drinking beer.	The men met at a baseball game after work.	contradiction
14441	Two women are sitting at a table and drinking beer.	Two ladies meet at the bar for happy hour and to gossip.	neutral
14442	Two women are sitting at a table and drinking beer.	Two ladies have a beer after work.	entailment
14443	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people at the fair are eating while waiting in line for the next game.	neutral
14444	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The fair was attended by many people.	entailment
14445	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	A big event is going on in the community.	entailment
14446	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Multiple people are sitting down at a news conference.	contradiction
14447	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	people getting ready to participate in attractions at a fair	neutral
14448	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Its raining out and the fair is canceled.	contradiction
14449	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	A big event is going on with a lot of people in attendance.	neutral
14450	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	people building and maintaining attractions at a gathering	contradiction
14451	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Multiple people are awaiting the arrival of their favorite country star.	neutral
14452	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people are in a time warp and they don't know they're really sleeping.	contradiction
14453	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people are gathering around the attractions.	entailment
14454	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Many people are working hard in an overgrown field.	contradiction
14455	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	people are grouped around at a county fair	entailment
14456	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Multiple people are outside at a country fair.	entailment
14457	Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people are getting their fortunes told.	neutral
14458	A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.	The woman is outside.	neutral
14459	A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
14460	A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.	The woman is wearing clothes.	entailment
14461	A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	He is in the shade of the umbrella making a sandcastle.	neutral
14462	A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	A boy is sitting in the sand.	entailment
14463	A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	A girl is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	contradiction
14464	A group of people in anime cosplay costumes.	A group of people at a convention, dressed awkwardly in cosplay	neutral
14465	A group of people in anime cosplay costumes.	A group of people swimming	contradiction
14466	A group of people in anime cosplay costumes.	A group of nerds playing together	neutral
14467	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man wearing a lei holding a blue umbrella while he wait for his wife.	neutral
14468	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is sitting and swimming underneath a blue umbrella while wearing a lei	contradiction
14469	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	The man is at the swimming pool	neutral
14470	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	The man is sitting	entailment
14471	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man in a swimming outfit trying not to get burnt using a blue umbrella.	entailment
14472	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man sits on a beach underneath a blue umbrella wearing an Hawaiian style lei	entailment
14473	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man sits on a beach underneath a blue umbrella, contemplating swimming.	neutral
14474	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	The man is holding up a blue umbrella over his feet to prevent the rain from ruining his lei.	contradiction
14475	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is resting on the beach.	entailment
14476	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is having a beach picnic.	neutral
14477	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is eating a cheesecake at the beach.	contradiction
14478	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is holding an umbrella.	entailment
14479	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	it is cold	contradiction
14480	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is sleeping at home.	contradiction
14481	A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is enjoying his vacation at the beach.	neutral
14482	person on street wearing a dragon mask.	a cat wearing a mask	contradiction
14483	person on street wearing a dragon mask.	a boy wearing a mask	neutral
14484	person on street wearing a dragon mask.	person wearing a mask	entailment
14485	A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together	a group of girls in cheerleader outfits run together.	contradiction
14486	A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together	a group of gothic girls stand together.	entailment
14487	A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together	a group of gothic girls get ready for a show.	neutral
14488	Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	Scientists are seeing if the eggs were fertilized.	neutral
14489	Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	People are knitting a nice sweater.	contradiction
14490	Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	Some scientists are checking their work.	entailment
14491	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	The dog is looking for food	neutral
14492	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	A dog is running outside	entailment
14493	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	The dog is in the house	contradiction
14494	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is a professor.	neutral
14495	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The women are in the lab.	entailment
14496	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is climbing a mountain.	contradiction
14497	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman is showing something to someone else in a lab.	neutral
14498	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman shows another woman something.	entailment
14499	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A man is showing somethign to his dog.	contradiction
14500	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is wearing goggles.	entailment
14501	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is not wearing a hat.	contradiction
14502	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is in the water.	neutral
14503	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is playing ice hockey.	contradiction
14504	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is swimming.	entailment
14505	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man wearing a swimming cap and googles is swimming.	entailment
14506	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A huge man swimming.	neutral
14507	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is laying down on his floatation device in the pool.	contradiction
14508	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is racing in the swimming competition.	neutral
14509	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	The woman with the grey swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	contradiction
14510	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is in the water.	entailment
14511	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A person in a cap.	entailment
14512	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man swims with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles in a swimming pool	neutral
14513	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is swimming in his backyard wearing goggles.	neutral
14514	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	The man is a professional swimmer.	neutral
14515	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man stands next to water with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	contradiction
14516	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	Nobody is swimming.	contradiction
14517	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man swims with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	entailment
14518	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	The swimmer trains for a competition.	neutral
14519	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer uses the pool.	entailment
14520	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A man runs a mile.	contradiction
14521	A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is near the water making stacks of rocks.	entailment
14522	A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man stacking rocks is an artist.	neutral
14523	A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is stacking rock bands by the waterfront.	contradiction
14524	Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is on the court	neutral
14525	Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is posing	entailment
14526	Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is outside.	contradiction
14527	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a big football game.	neutral
14528	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a soccer game.	contradiction
14529	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of a football game.	entailment
14530	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The bicycle is locked to a pole.	entailment
14531	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman's tattoos are very colorful.	neutral
14532	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman is very formally dressed.	contradiction
14533	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are enjoying the book.	neutral
14534	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are watching a movie.	contradiction
14535	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are reading.	entailment
14536	A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl has an instrument.	entailment
14537	A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl is going to ride her bike to practice.	neutral
14538	A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A boy is sleeping	contradiction
14539	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman in corporate wear retrieves her bike on a street.	contradiction
14540	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman gets her bike in an area for shopping.	entailment
14541	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman unlocks her bicycle from a rack on a busy street.	neutral
14542	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A tattooed woman gets on her bicycle to ride to a music show she's in.	neutral
14543	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A girl getting on her bicycle.	entailment
14544	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A woman eats a sandwich.	contradiction
14545	Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A man rides his bike to the post office.	contradiction
14546	Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman with tattoos chains her bike to a post.	entailment
14547	Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman secures her bike before performing in a concert.	neutral
14548	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are sunbathing on a beach.	contradiction
14549	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are martial artist.	entailment
14550	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are outdoors.	neutral
14551	There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy practices kicking while the other prepares.	entailment
14552	There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy works on punches while another kicks.	neutral
14553	There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	Many students prepare for the quiz.	contradiction
14554	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are jousting	neutral
14555	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are walking away from each other	contradiction
14556	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are engaging in a athletic competition	entailment
14557	A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	While getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset and ready to beat him up	neutral
14558	A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	While getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset	entailment
14559	A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	Opponents brings a gun and scares the martial artist	contradiction
14560	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is walking.	contradiction
14561	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is leaning on a railing.	entailment
14562	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is looking at someone he finds attractive while leaning on a railing.	neutral
14563	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are playing an exciting game.	contradiction
14564	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	Kids are bored.	entailment
14565	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are bored after church.	neutral
14566	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is wearing a wet suit on a jet ski.	neutral
14567	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is riding a jet ski.	entailment
14568	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is using a rowboat.	contradiction
14569	A girl in a yellow shirt and green skirt leans on a car while a man in a suit and a girl in a dress converse.	a man is talking	entailment
14570	A girl in a yellow shirt and green skirt leans on a car while a man in a suit and a girl in a dress converse.	the girl is coming home from church	neutral
14571	A girl in a yellow shirt and green skirt leans on a car while a man in a suit and a girl in a dress converse.	the girl wore tshirt and a ball cap to the game	contradiction
14572	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man addressing a woman while another leans against a car.	entailment
14573	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man chases a woman with a water balloon.	contradiction
14574	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	Three people chatting after a movie let out.	neutral
14575	A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	person riding on the water on a jet ski	entailment
14576	A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	the man is on the lake with his friends riding jet skis	neutral
14577	A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	the man is in the circus	contradiction
14578	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are inside working on mTurk.	contradiction
14579	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	There are people.	entailment
14580	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are on the pacific ocean.	neutral
14581	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	The man is jet skiing while on vacation.	neutral
14582	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	The man is putting on suntan lotion.	contradiction
14583	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	A man is outside.	entailment
14584	A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	A human on a ski	entailment
14585	A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	A huge human on a ski	neutral
14586	A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	Nobody on a ski.	contradiction
14587	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are running in front of a pepsi ad.	contradiction
14588	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are jogging in jerseys with a Coca Cola ad behind them.	entailment
14589	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are running in the city.	neutral
14590	Young girls playing soccer.	There is a group of girls playing outdoors.	neutral
14591	Young girls playing soccer.	There is a couple of people on a hike.	contradiction
14592	Young girls playing soccer.	There is a group of girls playing soccer.	entailment
14593	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are eating chicken.	neutral
14594	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are at church praying.	contradiction
14595	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are gathered to eat.	entailment
14596	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls will win the soccer game	neutral
14597	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are going to play a game	entailment
14598	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are sitting in the playing field.	contradiction
14599	A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids play in the park	entailment
14600	A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids not allowed in park.	contradiction
14601	A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids score goal in friendly game of soccer	neutral
14602	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are at a restaurant.	neutral
14603	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are inside.	entailment
14604	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The child is sleeping in his carriage.	contradiction
14605	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are sitting together.	entailment
14606	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A father and son eat ice cream.	contradiction
14607	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A lady and her grandchild are being served an authentic African meal	neutral
14608	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A black servant is bringing food.	neutral
14609	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are being served by a Frenchman	contradiction
14610	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are being served food.	entailment
14611	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	The people are playing slots at the casino	contradiction
14612	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A old lady is taking her grandson out to eat.	neutral
14613	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are at an expensive restaurant.	neutral
14614	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	The people are eating.	entailment
14615	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A couple guys are feasting on BBQ ribs	contradiction
14616	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are having a meal	entailment
14617	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	The people are eating breakfast.	neutral
14618	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Relatives are standing up.	contradiction
14619	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are sitting at a table.	entailment
14620	A boy with face paint looks out over a stone sculpture.	A boy is pointing out the horizon in the distance	neutral
14621	A boy with face paint looks out over a stone sculpture.	A boy has face paint	entailment
14622	A boy with face paint looks out over a stone sculpture.	A boy has a mask on	contradiction
14623	The teacher reads a book to the class.	a teacher is reading during recess	contradiction
14624	The teacher reads a book to the class.	a group of school children are enjoying story time.	entailment
14625	The teacher reads a book to the class.	some kids are listening to a teacher.	neutral
14626	a girl is reading a book to another in a classroom.	A girl reads a book to another student.	neutral
14627	a girl is reading a book to another in a classroom.	A girl watches TV alone.	contradiction
14628	a girl is reading a book to another in a classroom.	A girl reads a book.	entailment
14629	Two girls reading a children's book in a classroom.	Two girls are in school.	entailment
14630	Two girls reading a children's book in a classroom.	Two girls are playing tag outside.	contradiction
14631	Two girls reading a children's book in a classroom.	Two girls are reading aloud.	neutral
14632	2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	Two boys are sitting in front of a bookcase and one boy is reading a book.	contradiction
14633	2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	Two children are sitting in front of a bookcase, while one girl reads a book.	entailment
14634	2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	Two blonde girls are sitting by a bookcase, while one girl is reading a book.	neutral
14635	Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children's picture book.	A girl is reading.	entailment
14636	Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children's picture book.	No one is reading.	contradiction
14637	Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children's picture book.	A girl is reading Shakespeare.	neutral
14638	Energetic brown dog running	Pup running.	entailment
14639	Energetic brown dog running	A cat licks himself.	contradiction
14640	Energetic brown dog running	A dog runs circles around his owner.	neutral
14641	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl is on a beach.	entailment
14642	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	The girl is on the beach.	entailment
14643	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A young gymnast doing handstand on the Miami Beach.	neutral
14644	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl is outside near the amusement park.	entailment
14645	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach prepares to leave earth.	contradiction
14646	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	People watch a girl do a handstand.	neutral
14647	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl is on the sand by the water.	neutral
14648	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A boy is riding his bike.	contradiction
14649	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	The girl skips down the boardwalk.	contradiction
14650	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach on a family outing.	neutral
14651	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach outside an amusement park.	entailment
14652	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing handstand is with her boyfriend.	contradiction
14653	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	The girl is doing acrobatics infront of an icecream parlor.	neutral
14654	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A child is enjoying herself outdoors.	entailment
14655	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl reads a book by a night light.	contradiction
14656	A group of people including a man in a navy shirt and a woman in a bathing suit are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	A man and woman are on a boat with scuba diving equipment in case they decide to scuba dive later.	neutral
14657	A group of people including a man in a navy shirt and a woman in a bathing suit are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	A man and a woman are jumping onto land,  off of the boat with scuba diving equipment.	contradiction
14658	A group of people including a man in a navy shirt and a woman in a bathing suit are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	A man and woman are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	entailment
14659	This stone sculptor gently shaded seems to decorate a garden but here a young boy dressed in a US flag decorated t-shirt enjoys climbing on it.	The flag is Canadian.	contradiction
14660	This stone sculptor gently shaded seems to decorate a garden but here a young boy dressed in a US flag decorated t-shirt enjoys climbing on it.	The t-shirt is moldy.	neutral
14661	This stone sculptor gently shaded seems to decorate a garden but here a young boy dressed in a US flag decorated t-shirt enjoys climbing on it.	The boy is young.	entailment
14662	Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.	Three dogs chase a pink tennis ball.	neutral
14663	Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.	Two dogs chase a football.	contradiction
14664	Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.	Three dogs are playing.	entailment
14665	Three dogs play with a ball on a field.	The three dogs are best friends, and run and play together every day.	neutral
14666	Three dogs play with a ball on a field.	There are three animals in this picture.	entailment
14667	Three dogs play with a ball on a field.	The three dogs are sitting inside their respective houses, eating their kibble before bedtime.	contradiction
14668	Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.	some animals are playing	entailment
14669	Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.	three dogs are playing catch with their owner	neutral
14670	Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.	three dogs are sleeping	contradiction
14671	Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.	The dogs are competitive.	neutral
14672	Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.	Three dogs are playing.	entailment
14673	Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.	The dogs are asleep.	contradiction
14674	Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.	dogs playing with a ball	entailment
14675	Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.	dogs playing with a ball they just found	neutral
14676	Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.	dogs playing with a rope	contradiction
14677	A band is performing for an audience.	The band will play rock and roll	neutral
14678	A band is performing for an audience.	The audience are waiting to be entertained	entailment
14679	A band is performing for an audience.	The band are driving on the highway	contradiction
14680	A band called "The Early November" giving a concert to a crowded room.	A band plays to a sold out crowd.	neutral
14681	A band called "The Early November" giving a concert to a crowded room.	A bunch of clowns put on a show.	contradiction
14682	A band called "The Early November" giving a concert to a crowded room.	A band gives a concert to a crowd.	entailment
14683	A band takes the stage and plays to a packed audience.	Musicians are onstage.	entailment
14684	A band takes the stage and plays to a packed audience.	A school's Christmas concert is taking place.	neutral
14685	A band takes the stage and plays to a packed audience.	A talent show participant shocked the audience when he dropped the swords he was juggling on the front row.	contradiction
14686	Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.	Crowds seem to like the effort of the boys on stage.	neutral
14687	Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.	Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys.	entailment
14688	Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.	The boy band is terrible.	contradiction
14689	Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.	A car is racing through the street.	contradiction
14690	Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.	Two girls are waiting for some boys to notice them.	neutral
14691	Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.	Two girls hang out by some lockers.	entailment
14692	Sonic employees talking about work.	The employees are talking.	entailment
14693	Sonic employees talking about work.	The people are in water.	contradiction
14694	Sonic employees talking about work.	The employees are on break.	neutral
14695	A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red.	A child with face paint on.	entailment
14696	A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red.	Her face is painted like a red fox.	neutral
14697	A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red.	The child has a black and blue painted face.	contradiction
14698	A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals.	The young girl with the red umbrella is standing outside among flowers.	entailment
14699	A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals.	The girl is standing on a surfboard.	contradiction
14700	A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals.	The flowers are tulips.	neutral
14701	A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	A little girl got her face painted.	entailment
14702	A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	The little girl is wearing a Hulk mask.	contradiction
14703	A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	The little girl is attending a carnival.	neutral
14704	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl with black and blue makeup holding a white handkerchief.	contradiction
14705	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella to shield herself from the sun.	neutral
14706	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl holding an umbrella.	entailment
14707	A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is standing up	entailment
14708	A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is running	contradiction
14709	A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is under an umbrella	neutral
14710	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	Someone is on a bike.	entailment
14711	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	A stunt rider is balancing a bike riding across a fallen tree bridge.	neutral
14712	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	A guy is driving a car up a tree trunk.	contradiction
14713	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is on a boat fishing.	contradiction
14714	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is fishing.	entailment
14715	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is fishing off of a pier with her father.	neutral
14716	A brown building with graffiti on it.	A graffitied building.	neutral
14717	A brown building with graffiti on it.	A building with graffiti is brown.	entailment
14718	A brown building with graffiti on it.	A red house.	contradiction
14719	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is wearing a red shirt	contradiction
14720	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is fishing	entailment
14721	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is moving the rod	neutral
14722	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is on the lake	neutral
14723	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A young girl is fishing	entailment
14724	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is in the sun dead.	contradiction
14725	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman casting her last lure in the water for the day.	neutral
14726	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman dressing a fish.	contradiction
14727	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	Woman fishing.	entailment
14728	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man on a skateboard	entailment
14729	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man eating pie	contradiction
14730	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a pro skater grinds down a rail	neutral
14731	An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	The man and his dog are going to a parade.	neutral
14732	An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A man holds a dog that has dyed fur.	entailment
14733	An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A woman shaves her head.	contradiction
14734	girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls sit together before school	neutral
14735	girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls sit together	entailment
14736	girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the cats eat fish	contradiction
14737	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is surfing the internet.	neutral
14738	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is on the computer in his office.	entailment
14739	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is cleaning his dek.	contradiction
14740	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	a person is reading	entailment
14741	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	A man reads the newspaper online over coffee	neutral
14742	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	A man spelunks in a cave	contradiction
14743	A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt, a black skirt, netted tights, and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies, most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing.	A group of young men get ready for a football game.	contradiction
14744	A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt, a black skirt, netted tights, and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies, most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing.	A group of ladies get ready for a goth fashion show.	neutral
14745	A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt, a black skirt, netted tights, and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies, most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing.	A group of ladies sit together.	entailment
14746	A group of young women are sitting down outside.	The young women are sitting inside.	contradiction
14747	A group of young women are sitting down outside.	There are young women outside.	entailment
14748	A group of young women are sitting down outside.	The young women are waiting to meet Vladimir Putin.	neutral
14749	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	People sitting together.	entailment
14750	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	Women sitting together for a picnic.	neutral
14751	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	Naked women standing together.	contradiction
14752	A couple is walking down the street.	A couple is holding hands walking.	neutral
14753	A couple is walking down the street.	A couple sit down to eat dinner.	contradiction
14754	A couple is walking down the street.	A duo is strolling down the road.	entailment
14755	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	The person is playing guitar for his friends.	contradiction
14756	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A hockey player is getting ready to take a shot.	neutral
14757	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A person is playing hockey.	entailment
14758	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is dressed in a team uniform.	entailment
14759	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is skating on ice.	neutral
14760	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is skating without a helmet.	contradiction
14761	A hockey player during a game.	The player is eating at a restaurant on the beach.	contradiction
14762	A hockey player during a game.	The player is skating at the hockey rink.	neutral
14763	A hockey player during a game.	A hockey player is indoor.	entailment
14764	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and woman are waiting to cross at a crosswalk.	neutral
14765	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	There is a tall dark-haired man in a white sport coat.	entailment
14766	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and women play basketball.	contradiction
14767	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man is walking across the street.	entailment
14768	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	There is a man taking a women to a dance.	neutral
14769	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two people are walking along a tiled crosswalk in their bathing suits.	contradiction
14770	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A tall, white-haired man has a white sport coat.	contradiction
14771	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A sister and brother are walking in their matching coats.	neutral
14772	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A tall, dark-haired man has a light white sport coat.	neutral
14773	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	There is a man wearing a blue sports coat.	contradiction
14774	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two dctors in white coats are working in a lab.	contradiction
14775	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and a women are going for a walk.	neutral
14776	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two dark-haired people are wearing white coats.	entailment
14777	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and a woman in white sport coats are standing by a crosswalk.	entailment
14778	A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A tall, dark-haired man has a white sport coat.	entailment
14779	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are men walking near a German castle.	neutral
14780	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are men running near a lake.	contradiction
14781	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are men walking.	entailment
14782	family getting ready for wedding.	A family getting ready for a wedding.	entailment
14783	family getting ready for wedding.	A family sleeping in the living room.	contradiction
14784	family getting ready for wedding.	A white family getting ready for a wedding.	neutral
14785	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is asleep on the bedspread.	contradiction
14786	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	There is a person on a bike.	entailment
14787	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is a female.	neutral
14788	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are starting to buy flags.	neutral
14789	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are burning flags in the street.	contradiction
14790	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are celebrating Flag Day.	entailment
14791	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	Seven people attend a church service.	neutral
14792	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	Seven people bet on the ponies.	contradiction
14793	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	People stand in a church.	entailment
14794	Many flags at full mast with people at the base.	A folded up flag.	contradiction
14795	Many flags at full mast with people at the base.	The base begins to raise the flags.	neutral
14796	Many flags at full mast with people at the base.	A lot of people are with flags at full mast.	entailment
14797	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are worshipping in the church	contradiction
14798	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are standing in front fo the church for a selfie	neutral
14799	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are in the picture	entailment
14800	Two men staring into space.	People are looking at the cosmos.	neutral
14801	Two men staring into space.	The men are in an underground bunker.	contradiction
14802	Two men staring into space.	The men are looking up at the sky.	entailment
14803	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The two young kids waited patiently at the table, hoping their parents would allow them to eat all the tableful of snacks!	neutral
14804	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	Two young boys, candy bars and other snacks jammed in their pockets, ran across the field to get away from the store clerk.	contradiction
14805	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The table was covered with lots of food.	entailment
14806	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	Two teenagers are facing each other.	entailment
14807	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	The two teenagers are having a staring contest.	neutral
14808	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	One of the teenagers is looking to the left and the other to the right.	contradiction
14809	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men share a meal.	entailment
14810	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	People out having chicken wings.	contradiction
14811	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men are eating dessert.	neutral
14812	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are throwing up.	contradiction
14813	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are eating chinese food.	neutral
14814	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are eating.	entailment
14815	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A woman in boots is praying as she jumps in the air.	contradiction
14816	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A person with footwear is engaged in a religious activity.	entailment
14817	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A woman prays on the ground with her hands clasped.	neutral
14818	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A worker cleans out a drainage ditch.	entailment
14819	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker dances on a stripper pole.	contradiction
14820	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker cleans out a ditch.	neutral
14821	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is painting the fence	neutral
14822	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is working on a fence	entailment
14823	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker urinating on the fence	contradiction
14824	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person standing in a room.	contradiction
14825	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person lost their keys and are looking for it.	neutral
14826	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person looking for something.	entailment
14827	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man working on a wall that is broken.	entailment
14828	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man taking a nap against a concrete wall.	contradiction
14829	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man working on a wall that was broken by a car driving into it.	neutral
14830	A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.	A man, woman, and a child stands in front of a building.	entailment
14831	A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.	Some people are standing in front of a building.	neutral
14832	A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.	People are working on something in the kitchen.	contradiction
14833	Female dancer in a green and white dress.	A male dancer in a tuxedo.	contradiction
14834	Female dancer in a green and white dress.	A woman is dancing.	neutral
14835	Female dancer in a green and white dress.	A woman is in a dress.	entailment
14836	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people discuss their day in the office.	neutral
14837	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people are standing at the water cooler.	contradiction
14838	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	People are sitting by a desk.	entailment
14839	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	Everyone is at a volleyball court.	contradiction
14840	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	Someone is about to serve.	neutral
14841	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	The ground is green.	entailment
14842	Usain Bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 London Olympics.	Usain Bolt fell behind the pack in the race.	contradiction
14843	Usain Bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 London Olympics.	Usain Bolt ran in the 2012 Olympics.	entailment
14844	Usain Bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 London Olympics.	Usain Bolt won the race.	neutral
14845	A musician putting on a show.	The guitarist is performing for the audience.	entailment
14846	A musician putting on a show.	The man is playing Beatles covers.	neutral
14847	A musician putting on a show.	The man was fast asleep.	contradiction
14848	A man standing with a microphone under lights in front of a crowd.	A man is standing.	entailment
14849	A man standing with a microphone under lights in front of a crowd.	A man is waiting to perform.	neutral
14850	A man standing with a microphone under lights in front of a crowd.	Women are knitting.	contradiction
14851	Several people are on a boat in the ocean with scuba gear.	the boat is full of people with hang gliding gear	contradiction
14852	Several people are on a boat in the ocean with scuba gear.	several people are on a boat with scuba gear	entailment
14853	Several people are on a boat in the ocean with scuba gear.	the people are getting ready to scuba dive for a documentary	neutral
14854	A woman stopped in the middle of the street with her yoga mat placed over her shoulder.	A woman stopped in the middle of the street.	entailment
14855	A woman stopped in the middle of the street with her yoga mat placed over her shoulder.	A woman just finished her yoga class.	neutral
14856	A woman stopped in the middle of the street with her yoga mat placed over her shoulder.	A woman with a yoga mat is sitting on a subway train.	contradiction
14857	A woman holding a yoga mat looking down the street.	A woman crawls to the door.	contradiction
14858	A woman holding a yoga mat looking down the street.	A person walks with something.	entailment
14859	A woman holding a yoga mat looking down the street.	A woman on her way to yoga class.	neutral
14860	A woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat.	A female with lengthy hair is holding a yoga mat.	entailment
14861	A woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
14862	A woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat.	The female is preparing to do some yoga exercises.	neutral
14863	A woman in a city is looking behind her.	this woman never looks behind her back	contradiction
14864	A woman in a city is looking behind her.	a woman is looking behind herself	entailment
14865	A woman in a city is looking behind her.	a woman is looking behind her for her stalker.	neutral
14866	A woman on a city street looks back.	A man is sitting on the curb.	contradiction
14867	A woman on a city street looks back.	A woman is looking back to see where her dog is.	neutral
14868	A woman on a city street looks back.	A woman is on the street.	entailment
14869	children sitting on the floor while one boy gazes off into space.	Kids are gathered together.	entailment
14870	children sitting on the floor while one boy gazes off into space.	Kids are napping.	contradiction
14871	children sitting on the floor while one boy gazes off into space.	Kids are listening to their teacher read a story.	neutral
14872	Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	lady waits to cross the street	entailment
14873	Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	a man waits in the lobby	contradiction
14874	Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	lady is trying to get a taxi to stop for her	contradiction
14875	Two people are walking through some water.	Three people are walking through water	contradiction
14876	Two people are walking through some water.	Two people are walking through salt water	neutral
14877	Two people are walking through some water.	The people are partially wet	entailment
14878	A man wearing a white top hat.	The man is all deck out and ready for the lawn party at the jockey stable.	neutral
14879	A man wearing a white top hat.	A man is diving for scallops in the North Sea.	contradiction
14880	A man wearing a white top hat.	The man has a large top hat on.	neutral
14881	a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.	A person is outside.	entailment
14882	a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.	A woman is walking along a beach with a plastic bag and two dogs.	contradiction
14883	a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.	An old man is walking under oak trees with a bag full of new clothes.	neutral
14884	An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk.	An old Asian man walks with a large filled bag	neutral
14885	An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk.	An old Asian man walks with a filled doughnut	contradiction
14886	An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk.	An old Asian man walks with a filled bag	entailment
14887	A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street.	A man is walking down a street	entailment
14888	A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street.	The man is on a boat	contradiction
14889	A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street.	The street is filled with people	neutral
14890	A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk wearing a white tank top and black pants.	A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk	entailment
14891	A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk wearing a white tank top and black pants.	A man holding a plastic bag doesn't walk down the sidewalk	contradiction
14892	A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk wearing a white tank top and black pants.	A man holding a plastic bag joyously walks down the sidewalk	neutral
14893	A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	A woman wearing a shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	entailment
14894	A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	A man wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	contradiction
14895	A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a new Mercedes.	neutral
14896	The two seated girls smile towards the camera.	Two girls are sitting, posing for the camera	entailment
14897	The two seated girls smile towards the camera.	Two seated girls and one standing boy are posing for the camera	neutral
14898	The two seated girls smile towards the camera.	The girls are busy playing with barbies	contradiction
14899	Four men in dark colored clothing appear to be praying or meditating on a wooden floor	Some people are praying or meditating.	entailment
14900	Four men in dark colored clothing appear to be praying or meditating on a wooden floor	Some monks are practicing martial arts.	contradiction
14901	Four men in dark colored clothing appear to be praying or meditating on a wooden floor	Some monks are meditating.	neutral
14902	A group of men dressed in blue in Monk style robes kneeling and bowing on a wooden floor.	The group of men are dressed in tuxedos.	contradiction
14903	A group of men dressed in blue in Monk style robes kneeling and bowing on a wooden floor.	The monks are kneeling on the floor.	entailment
14904	A group of men dressed in blue in Monk style robes kneeling and bowing on a wooden floor.	The men are white men.	neutral
14905	On wooden floor, martial arts instructor bowing before students with all in blue martial arts clothing.	Martial arts students are sitting on the carpet.	contradiction
14906	On wooden floor, martial arts instructor bowing before students with all in blue martial arts clothing.	A martial arts instructor bows in respect to his students.	entailment
14907	On wooden floor, martial arts instructor bowing before students with all in blue martial arts clothing.	Students in uniform are about to enter a competition.	neutral
14908	A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.	The group are inside a martial arts studio.	entailment
14909	A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.	The students are preparing to showcase their martial arts.	neutral
14910	A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.	The group of soccer players celebrate their recent game.	contradiction
14911	Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd.	Two men are riding a bull.	neutral
14912	Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd.	Two men are performing in front of people.	entailment
14913	Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd.	Two men are playing chess in a court yard.	contradiction
14914	As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor.	a man in a cowboy outfit rides on a yellow tractor	entailment
14915	As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor.	the tractor has big orange flames on the side	neutral
14916	As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor.	the man is riding a big red tractor in a tuxedo	contradiction
14917	Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event	a man is driving a piece of equipment on the grounds of a venue.	entailment
14918	Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event	a man on a yellow golf cart is going across the field at an outdoor festival.	neutral
14919	Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event	a man on a bulldozer drove across freshly layed sod to get to his daughters wedding.	contradiction
14920	The person in the red is on a bike.	The man in the red is on a bike	neutral
14921	The person in the red is on a bike.	The man is standing on a unicycle.	contradiction
14922	The person in the red is on a bike.	The person is on a bike.	entailment
14923	A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.	A person rides a vehicle outdoors.	entailment
14924	A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.	A person falls off a bike in the woods.	contradiction
14925	A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.	A person competes in a bike race in the woods.	neutral
14926	A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.	This man is biking	entailment
14927	A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.	This man is on his way to work	contradiction
14928	A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.	This man is going uphill	neutral
14929	A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.	The biker is trying to make it around the trail faster then his previous time.	neutral
14930	A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.	A person is outside in the woods.	entailment
14931	A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.	The biker is sitting on the bench in the rain.	contradiction
14932	People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.	Some people are moving fast.	entailment
14933	People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.	Some people are sleeping.	contradiction
14934	People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.	Some people are running.	neutral
14935	A brown and white dog playing with black dog.	Two dogs are playing and another dog comes along.	neutral
14936	A brown and white dog playing with black dog.	The dog is playing with the other dog.	entailment
14937	A brown and white dog playing with black dog.	Two dogs jump in the water.	contradiction
14938	A bicyclist doing a jump.	The bicyclist is on the ground.	contradiction
14939	A bicyclist doing a jump.	The bicyclist is doing a trick.	neutral
14940	A bicyclist doing a jump.	The bicyclist is in the air.	entailment
14941	A four wheeler being raced down a dirt road by a person in a matching blue riding suit and helmet.	The person is traveling at sea.	contradiction
14942	A four wheeler being raced down a dirt road by a person in a matching blue riding suit and helmet.	A person is traveling down an unpaved road.	entailment
14943	A four wheeler being raced down a dirt road by a person in a matching blue riding suit and helmet.	A person is off-roading with a group of friends.	neutral
14944	Closeup of three crosscountry skiers competing while the man in the lead looks forward with fierce determination.	Three skiers compete in the Winter Olympics.	neutral
14945	Closeup of three crosscountry skiers competing while the man in the lead looks forward with fierce determination.	Three skiers race in the snow.	entailment
14946	Closeup of three crosscountry skiers competing while the man in the lead looks forward with fierce determination.	This area has had zero inches of precipitation in the last five years.	contradiction
14947	Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket.	There are two boys.	entailment
14948	Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket.	The girls are taking donations.	contradiction
14949	Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket.	The boys are taking donations.	neutral
14950	There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.	There is snow.	neutral
14951	There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.	It is cold outside.	entailment
14952	There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.	They are at the beach.	contradiction
14953	A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.	The woman is in college.	neutral
14954	A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.	There is a woman.	entailment
14955	A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.	The tank top is purple.	contradiction
14956	Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard	A boy is rollerskating.	contradiction
14957	Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard	A person is wearing a tank top.	entailment
14958	Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard	A girl in orange shorts is grinding on a rail.	neutral
14959	The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.	The girl is skateboarding at the skate park.	neutral
14960	The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.	The girl has a broken leg.	contradiction
14961	A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard.	A boy is surfing.	contradiction
14962	A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard.	A girl is skateboarding.	entailment
14963	A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard.	A girl is skateboarding with her friends.	neutral
14964	Athletes push through the snow during a crosscountry skiing trial.	THE ATHLETES ARE RUNNING A MARATHON	contradiction
14965	Athletes push through the snow during a crosscountry skiing trial.	THE ATHLETES ARE COMPETING IN A COMPETITION	neutral
14966	Athletes push through the snow during a crosscountry skiing trial.	THERE ARE ATHLETES IN THE SNOW	entailment
14967	Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure.	A woman is riding a bike.	contradiction
14968	Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure.	A woman is in a skating competition.	neutral
14969	Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure.	A woman is skateboarding.	entailment
14970	A person walks through the snow wearing snowshoes with a fence in the background.	A person traveling in the snow.	entailment
14971	A person walks through the snow wearing snowshoes with a fence in the background.	A girl swims in a lake.	contradiction
14972	A person walks through the snow wearing snowshoes with a fence in the background.	A man walks through heavy snow wearing green snowshoes in front of a wooden fence.	neutral
14973	A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another.	There are people outside.	entailment
14974	A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another.	The two men were sleeping in the park.	contradiction
14975	A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another.	They were racing each other because it was fun.	neutral
14976	A man in red gear skiing with two skiers behind in him.	A skier reaches the bottom of the hill.	neutral
14977	A man in red gear skiing with two skiers behind in him.	People are engaging in a winter sport.	entailment
14978	A man in red gear skiing with two skiers behind in him.	A man is parachuting from a plane.	contradiction
14979	Three young people creating a flower garden.	The three young people are planting tomatoes in the flower bed.	contradiction
14980	Three young people creating a flower garden.	The group of people created a garden outside.	entailment
14981	Three young people creating a flower garden.	The three women are planting orchids in the garden.	neutral
14982	Man walking while wearing snowshoes with a mountain in the background.	A man is looking for a ski slope.	neutral
14983	Man walking while wearing snowshoes with a mountain in the background.	It is storming outside.	contradiction
14984	Man walking while wearing snowshoes with a mountain in the background.	It has snowed recently.	entailment
14985	Three men wearing red ski attired, skiing in a line.	Several men are skiing down a hill	neutral
14986	Three men wearing red ski attired, skiing in a line.	Some men are skiing	entailment
14987	Three men wearing red ski attired, skiing in a line.	Some men wearing blue ski jackets are skiing	contradiction
14988	A person skis with their dog.	A person is skiing with his parents.	contradiction
14989	A person skis with their dog.	A person is skiing with their collie.	neutral
14990	A person skis with their dog.	A person is spending time with their dog.	entailment
14991	A woman crosscountry skiing, with a brown dog.	not watched at alll	contradiction
14992	A woman crosscountry skiing, with a brown dog.	THE grass was green	neutral
14993	A woman crosscountry skiing, with a brown dog.	a child was there	entailment
14994	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A person is skijoring with a dog at high altitudes.	entailment
14995	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A man runs to the deli.	contradiction
14996	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	I don;t know what skijoring is, but the person in this picture is doing it.	neutral
14997	The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground.	The dog pulls the man across the ground.	neutral
14998	The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground.	The dog pulls someone.	entailment
14999	The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground.	The dog pulls a sled of puppies across the snow.	contradiction
15000	a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her	A man and a horse in a forest.	contradiction
15001	a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her	A woman and a dog on a mountain.	entailment
15002	a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her	A woman and a fuzzy dog on a mountain.	neutral
15003	A woman sitting on a lawn chair.	A female is sitting on mowed lawn.	neutral
15004	A woman sitting on a lawn chair.	A female is sitting outside.	entailment
15005	A woman sitting on a lawn chair.	A male is sitting on the sidewalk.	contradiction
15006	Two people with white helmets on riding in a Yamaha red and black vehicle.	The vehicle pictured is a motorcycle.	neutral
15007	Two people with white helmets on riding in a Yamaha red and black vehicle.	The motorcycle is black with yellow accents.	contradiction
15008	Two people with white helmets on riding in a Yamaha red and black vehicle.	The people pictured are wearing protective head gear.	entailment
15009	A man in orange squats to inspect a machine part.	the child is black	neutral
15010	A man in orange squats to inspect a machine part.	the boys were angry	contradiction
15011	A man in orange squats to inspect a machine part.	a couple was there	entailment
15012	A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair.	the woman is outside	neutral
15013	A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair.	the woman is sitting	entailment
15014	A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair.	the woman wore a pants suit	contradiction
15015	a child sitting on a lawn chair looking up at the camera	An adult sleeps in a lawn chair.	contradiction
15016	a child sitting on a lawn chair looking up at the camera	A child looks at his mother, who is holding the camera.	neutral
15017	a child sitting on a lawn chair looking up at the camera	A child looks at the camera.	entailment
15018	A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair.	A person is outside.	neutral
15019	A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair.	A person is sitting.	entailment
15020	A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair.	A person is riding a motorcycle.	contradiction
15021	Two people wearing helmets riding in a four wheeler along next to the ocean.	Two people are in a four wheeler race.	neutral
15022	Two people wearing helmets riding in a four wheeler along next to the ocean.	Two people are climbing a tree.	contradiction
15023	Two people wearing helmets riding in a four wheeler along next to the ocean.	Two people are outdoors.	entailment
15024	Children are playing with baseball bats.	Men are playing with baseball bats.	contradiction
15025	Children are playing with baseball bats.	Sad children are playing with baseball bats.	neutral
15026	Children are playing with baseball bats.	Kids are playing with baseball bats.	entailment
15027	A woman in a yellow scarf is combing the hair of another woman.	The scarf is blue.	contradiction
15028	A woman in a yellow scarf is combing the hair of another woman.	The women are at a salon.	neutral
15029	A woman in a yellow scarf is combing the hair of another woman.	The two women are next to each other.	entailment
15030	Children playing baseball in a public park.	Kids swimming	contradiction
15031	Children playing baseball in a public park.	Children at park playing baseball	entailment
15032	Children playing baseball in a public park.	Kids playing for their parks' department baseball program	neutral
15033	Athletes are running in an event.	athletes are outside	entailment
15034	Athletes are running in an event.	athletes are drinking in a bar	contradiction
15035	Athletes are running in an event.	athletes are competeing for first place	neutral
15036	People are playing baseball in front of a very opulent looking building.	People play a sport in front of a fancy building.	entailment
15037	People are playing baseball in front of a very opulent looking building.	People are playing soccer in front of a shack.	contradiction
15038	People are playing baseball in front of a very opulent looking building.	People are playing a game in the day time.	neutral
15039	A man in a white cotton shirt holds a lit blue candle and stands while touching his forehead to the foot of a statue on top of a pillar.	The man was worshipping the statue.	neutral
15040	A man in a white cotton shirt holds a lit blue candle and stands while touching his forehead to the foot of a statue on top of a pillar.	The man lit a candle while touching his forehead to the statue.	entailment
15041	A man in a white cotton shirt holds a lit blue candle and stands while touching his forehead to the foot of a statue on top of a pillar.	The man was wearing a blue shirt.	contradiction
15042	A man carrying a backpack is holding a lit candle while he rest his forehead against a column.	A man carries a backpack and a lit candle.	entailment
15043	A man carrying a backpack is holding a lit candle while he rest his forehead against a column.	The man is carrying his lunch through the cafeteria	contradiction
15044	A man carrying a backpack is holding a lit candle while he rest his forehead against a column.	The man is attending a memorial service.	neutral
15045	A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue.	A man is running away.	contradiction
15046	A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue.	A man is waiting by a statue.	neutral
15047	A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue.	A man has a candle.	entailment
15048	A man in a white shirt hold a blue candle against a pedestal.	A person is holding a candle.	entailment
15049	A man in a white shirt hold a blue candle against a pedestal.	A man is in a church.	neutral
15050	A man in a white shirt hold a blue candle against a pedestal.	A woman is sleeping in a bed.	contradiction
15051	A man is holding a blue candle.	The man is holding a cake.	contradiction
15052	A man is holding a blue candle.	A man has a candlee.	entailment
15053	A man is holding a blue candle.	He is going to light the candle.	neutral
15054	Two men are drawing on easels in front of a Christmas tree.	Two people are exercising.	contradiction
15055	Two men are drawing on easels in front of a Christmas tree.	People are making art	entailment
15056	Two men are drawing on easels in front of a Christmas tree.	Friends are together for Christmas.	neutral
15057	Two friends ride a bicycle.	People in a bike event.	neutral
15058	Two friends ride a bicycle.	Two people outside.	entailment
15059	Two friends ride a bicycle.	Two people eating at a hot dog stand.	contradiction
15060	A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.	A skateboarder is riding a skateboard	entailment
15061	A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.	A skateboarder is not riding a skateboard	contradiction
15062	A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.	A skateboarder is joyously riding a skateboard	neutral
15063	Two people are riding a Yamaha on the beach.	People are outdoors riding	entailment
15064	Two people are riding a Yamaha on the beach.	People are riding outdoors racing eachother	neutral
15065	Two people are riding a Yamaha on the beach.	People are sitting near the beach	contradiction
15066	A worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror.	A worker is cleaning.	entailment
15067	A worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror.	A worker enjoys cleaning.	neutral
15068	A worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror.	A woman is shining shoes.	contradiction
15069	Cougar pouncing off rock.	A cougar pouncing.	entailment
15070	Cougar pouncing off rock.	A cougar playing.	neutral
15071	Cougar pouncing off rock.	A cougar sleeping in the grass.	contradiction
15072	A man about to kick a soccer ball.	A man in a wheelchair watches basketball.	contradiction
15073	A man about to kick a soccer ball.	A man takes a free kick in a recreational soccer game.	neutral
15074	A man about to kick a soccer ball.	A man plays sports.	entailment
15075	A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.	There is a wild animal in this picture.	entailment
15076	A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.	The mountain lion was leaping after it's prey.	neutral
15077	A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.	The mountain lion slept peacefully in it's den	contradiction
15078	A soccer player is standing at the edge of a soccer field with a stadium full of spectators in the background.	The stadium is full of fairweather fans.	neutral
15079	A soccer player is standing at the edge of a soccer field with a stadium full of spectators in the background.	The  soccer player is on the front line due to the military draft.	contradiction
15080	A soccer player is standing at the edge of a soccer field with a stadium full of spectators in the background.	A soccer player is on the field.	entailment
15081	A man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching.	the man is playing football infront of his family wearing number 1 on his jersey	contradiction
15082	A man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching.	a man is playing soccer with thousands of people watching	entailment
15083	A man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching.	the man is wearing a yellow uniform with the number 11 on it	neutral
15084	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	two men stand alone in a field	contradiction
15085	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	the world cup pictured from above	neutral
15086	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	a large stadium bustles during a soccer game	entailment
15087	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	Stadium crowd watches as soccer game begins.	neutral
15088	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	Iguanas basking on a beach.	contradiction
15089	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	Full stadium at a soccer game.	entailment
15090	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	A packed stadium watches a basketball game.	contradiction
15091	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	The game being played is badminton.	contradiction
15092	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	The two teams are from different countries.	neutral
15093	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	The teams are miniature and playing on piano keys.	contradiction
15094	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	The two teams are in the middle of a game.	neutral
15095	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	The stadium is packed.	entailment
15096	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	A packed stadium watches a soccer game.	entailment
15097	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	A packed stadium watches a championship soccer game.	neutral
15098	It's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.	Soccer is being played in a stadium.	entailment
15099	A little girl wearing sandals and white clothes holds up a small wooden cage hanging by a string.	The girl wearing sandals and white clothes has a pet inside the cage.	neutral
15100	A little girl wearing sandals and white clothes holds up a small wooden cage hanging by a string.	A little girl is holding a cage to show people.	entailment
15101	A little girl wearing sandals and white clothes holds up a small wooden cage hanging by a string.	The little girl is holding a book.	contradiction
15102	In this picture a black man with dreads is working on a carving.	The black man is being artistic.	entailment
15103	In this picture a black man with dreads is working on a carving.	The black man has blonde hair.	neutral
15104	In this picture a black man with dreads is working on a carving.	The black man has a shaved head.	contradiction
15105	A man chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	A person chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	entailment
15106	A man chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	A woman chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	contradiction
15107	A man chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	A sad man chisels a sculpture outside on a chair and log.	neutral
15108	A man sits outside on a lawn chair using a hammer and chisel to shape a piece of wood.	A person is outside.	entailment
15109	A man sits outside on a lawn chair using a hammer and chisel to shape a piece of wood.	A person is chiseling a bird out of wood.	neutral
15110	A man sits outside on a lawn chair using a hammer and chisel to shape a piece of wood.	A woman is walking in the park.	contradiction
15111	Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk.	A man is carving a statue of a bear.	neutral
15112	Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk.	A man is drawing a picture supported by a tree trunk.	contradiction
15113	Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk.	A man carves a statue outside.	entailment
15114	An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure.	A skater does tricks.	entailment
15115	An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure.	A skater does tricks to impress his friends.	neutral
15116	An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure.	A skater is carried off to the ER.	contradiction
15117	A man chiseling a sculpture, possibly out of stone.	The man is a sculptor.	entailment
15118	A man chiseling a sculpture, possibly out of stone.	The sculpture is made of tacos.	contradiction
15119	A man chiseling a sculpture, possibly out of stone.	The man is carving a human shape.	neutral
15120	A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.	A black lab is running loose in a field.	contradiction
15121	A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.	A dog wearing a hat is next to a tree.	entailment
15122	A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.	A dalmatian puppy wearing a hat sits next to a tree.	neutral
15123	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	The picture is being taken indoors.	contradiction
15124	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	An indian woman is getting shown the town by two americans	neutral
15125	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	The woman is wearing white.	entailment
15126	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	An indian woman is wearing loose fitting clothes	entailment
15127	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	The westerners are from Sweden.	neutral
15128	An Indian woman wearing loose fitting white clothing poses for a picture while bundling grass with two Westerners.	An indian woman is wearing tight clothes	contradiction
15129	Two boys splashing in the surf.	Two boys play outside.	entailment
15130	Two boys splashing in the surf.	Two girls go surfing.	contradiction
15131	Two boys splashing in the surf.	Two kids are playing in the water.	neutral
15132	Man cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	Person cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	entailment
15133	Man cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	Woman cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	contradiction
15134	Man cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	Sad man cleaning a huge reflective disk, while wearing a protective mask.	neutral
15135	In this group of people, two men are in military camouflage and one is shaking hands with a woman.	One of the men is the woman's husband.	neutral
15136	In this group of people, two men are in military camouflage and one is shaking hands with a woman.	There are two men wearing beach shorts.	contradiction
15137	In this group of people, two men are in military camouflage and one is shaking hands with a woman.	There are two men in military camouflage.	entailment
15138	A little girl around the age of five is trying to do the dishes in a kitchen.	A young girl does dishes.	entailment
15139	A little girl around the age of five is trying to do the dishes in a kitchen.	A young girl helps her mom do dishes	neutral
15140	A little girl around the age of five is trying to do the dishes in a kitchen.	A young girl is swinging	contradiction
15141	A little blond girl with a polka dot shirt is giving a stuffed animal a "bath" in a sink.	A girl is playing video games.	contradiction
15142	A little blond girl with a polka dot shirt is giving a stuffed animal a "bath" in a sink.	A girl is washing her stuffed animal.	entailment
15143	A little blond girl with a polka dot shirt is giving a stuffed animal a "bath" in a sink.	A little girl is bored so she is washing her animal.	neutral
15144	A young girl, blond and wearing a polka-dot shirt, washes a stuffed animal in a vanity sink.	A girl is using the sink.	entailment
15145	A young girl, blond and wearing a polka-dot shirt, washes a stuffed animal in a vanity sink.	A girl a ripping her stuffed bear.	contradiction
15146	A young girl, blond and wearing a polka-dot shirt, washes a stuffed animal in a vanity sink.	A girl is cleaning her stuffed bear.	neutral
15147	A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him.	A boy rides a dirt bike.	entailment
15148	A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him.	A boy is mountain climbing.	contradiction
15149	A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him.	A boy rides into the sun set.	neutral
15150	Two black dogs collide.	Two dogs collide  to fight.	neutral
15151	Two black dogs collide.	Two dogs shared their food.	contradiction
15152	Two black dogs collide.	Two dogs are in love.	entailment
15153	A person in the air on a bike.	A person is on a bike.	entailment
15154	A person in the air on a bike.	A person is performing a stunt.	neutral
15155	A person in the air on a bike.	A person is fixing a flat tire.	contradiction
15156	A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture.	A smiling family watches a rodeo.	contradiction
15157	A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture.	A group of related people are outside.	entailment
15158	A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture.	A family gathers for a photo shoot.	neutral
15159	A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child, and two adults.	A young child is playing	entailment
15160	A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child, and two adults.	There are four adults in a field.	contradiction
15161	A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child, and two adults.	The children playing are siblings.	neutral
15162	A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on, held by a woman.	People are outside.	entailment
15163	A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on, held by a woman.	People are doing chores.	neutral
15164	A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on, held by a woman.	People are sleeping	contradiction
15165	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.	The child is playing with the dog.	contradiction
15166	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.	The family is watching the child.	entailment
15167	A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.	The child is having fun.	neutral
15168	A man in an orange shirt is helping a boy squirt water from a hose into a pond whilst a woman and boy watch.	The man is wearing a red shirt while helping the boy.	contradiction
15169	A man in an orange shirt is helping a boy squirt water from a hose into a pond whilst a woman and boy watch.	It is summertime.	neutral
15170	A man in an orange shirt is helping a boy squirt water from a hose into a pond whilst a woman and boy watch.	The man is helping the boy with the hose.	entailment
15171	The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water.	A dog enjoys romping in a stream.	neutral
15172	The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water.	A cat hisses at the water in the bathtub.	contradiction
15173	The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water.	The black dog is very wet.	entailment
15174	A grandmother is watching her grandchild on the Merry-Go-Round.	A grandmother is singing in the rain.	contradiction
15175	A grandmother is watching her grandchild on the Merry-Go-Round.	A grandmother is watching a child on the Merry-Go-Round.	entailment
15176	A grandmother is watching her grandchild on the Merry-Go-Round.	A grandmother is watching her grandchild riding the green horse on the Merry-Go-Round.	neutral
15177	Bicyclists riding past a crowd of onlookers.	Bicyclist rides in the seclusion of the woods.	contradiction
15178	Bicyclists riding past a crowd of onlookers.	Bicyclist are near people.	entailment
15179	Bicyclists riding past a crowd of onlookers.	Bicyclist are in a race.	neutral
15180	A guitarist sings for an outdoor gig.	A musician is singing.	entailment
15181	A guitarist sings for an outdoor gig.	The guitarist is a female.	neutral
15182	A guitarist sings for an outdoor gig.	The guitarist is indoors.	contradiction
15183	Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.	Athletes racing with people watching.	entailment
15184	Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.	Bicyclists wearing black helmets racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.	neutral
15185	Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.	Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators throwing bottles at them.	contradiction
15186	Someone is performing in the open without an audience.	The man prepares his comedy act.	neutral
15187	Someone is performing in the open without an audience.	The spaceships flies past jupiter.	contradiction
15188	Someone is performing in the open without an audience.	A person practices the performance.	entailment
15189	cyclists lean into a turn, behind them is a barricade and behind that are people watching the cycling race.	people watch bike race	neutral
15190	cyclists lean into a turn, behind them is a barricade and behind that are people watching the cycling race.	people watching cyclists	entailment
15191	cyclists lean into a turn, behind them is a barricade and behind that are people watching the cycling race.	lady looks at tv	contradiction
15192	Bicycle racers pass an audience waiting behind gates on a cobbled street.	An audience watched cars pass by during a race.	contradiction
15193	Bicycle racers pass an audience waiting behind gates on a cobbled street.	Bike riders pass by an audience.	entailment
15194	Bicycle racers pass an audience waiting behind gates on a cobbled street.	Bike riders in the Tour de France speed by and audience.	neutral
15195	The person in green dress is crossing the signal.	A naked person is crossing.	contradiction
15196	The person in green dress is crossing the signal.	A person is crossing the street.	entailment
15197	The person in green dress is crossing the signal.	A man in a green dress is crossing.	neutral
15198	Female with long black hair and wearing eyeglasses, a blue shirt, sitting next to a male in a striped shirt, at a table, cutting into a chocolate cake with a single red candle in it.	Female is eating cake with her friends.	contradiction
15199	Female with long black hair and wearing eyeglasses, a blue shirt, sitting next to a male in a striped shirt, at a table, cutting into a chocolate cake with a single red candle in it.	Female with long black hair and wearing eyeglasses to avoid sunlight.	neutral
15200	Female with long black hair and wearing eyeglasses, a blue shirt, sitting next to a male in a striped shirt, at a table, cutting into a chocolate cake with a single red candle in it.	Female is celebrating with male in a striped shirt.	entailment
15201	A young boy pounding on an anvil.	A boy is pounding.	entailment
15202	A young boy pounding on an anvil.	A young boy is sitting and pounding on an anvil.	neutral
15203	A young boy pounding on an anvil.	A child is sleeping.	contradiction
15204	A man in a uniform is crossing a street.	An army chief runs to catch a bus.	neutral
15205	A man in a uniform is crossing a street.	A person in a special set of clothing moves to another place.	entailment
15206	A man in a uniform is crossing a street.	A boy in jeans and a ripped T-shirt sits in the shade of a large tree.	contradiction
15207	Two young men in a kitchen cooking.	two people cooking	entailment
15208	Two young men in a kitchen cooking.	people working the garden	contradiction
15209	Two young men in a kitchen cooking.	two people cooking dinner	neutral
15210	Working man crossing the street.	The man is driving to work.	contradiction
15211	Working man crossing the street.	The man in a suit crosses the street.	neutral
15212	Working man crossing the street.	A man crosses the street.	entailment
15213	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A young man makes a braclet.	neutral
15214	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A kid learns how to make horse shoes at a craft festival.	neutral
15215	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A young pay hits the metal.	entailment
15216	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A boy hits a piece of medal on an anvil.	entailment
15217	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A young man role plays a character in Skyrim.	contradiction
15218	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A child has an anvil and a piece of metal and is dressed in flannel and suspenders.	entailment
15219	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A kid hits a piece of metal on an anvil to bend it back in place.	neutral
15220	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A boy is making something	neutral
15221	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A kid holds a snowcone in one hand and a slurpee in the other.	contradiction
15222	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A boy is sleeping	contradiction
15223	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	The young girl plays the flute.	contradiction
15224	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A young boy is angry.	neutral
15225	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A girl wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	contradiction
15226	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A boy is working.	entailment
15227	A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.	A boy wearing flannel hits metal on an anvil.	entailment
15228	A woman wearing a Little Mermaid costume stands in front of a bright red phone booth.	woman on halloween	neutral
15229	A woman wearing a Little Mermaid costume stands in front of a bright red phone booth.	boy eats many cookies	contradiction
15230	A woman wearing a Little Mermaid costume stands in front of a bright red phone booth.	woman in costume	entailment
15231	Many people of Indian descent wearing bright, colorful clothing& walking up steep flights of stairs.	A group of Russians are jogging in the park.	contradiction
15232	Many people of Indian descent wearing bright, colorful clothing& walking up steep flights of stairs.	A group of Indians are going to a wedding.	neutral
15233	Many people of Indian descent wearing bright, colorful clothing& walking up steep flights of stairs.	There is a group of Indians going up some stairs.	entailment
15234	A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.	A woman dressed at cinderella.	contradiction
15235	A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.	A woman attending comi-con.	neutral
15236	A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.	A woman cosplaying as ariel.	entailment
15237	A woman dressed as the little mermaid stands next to a phone booth.	a mermaid has washed up on the beach	contradiction
15238	A woman dressed as the little mermaid stands next to a phone booth.	a woman is dreesed like the little mermaid.	entailment
15239	A woman dressed as the little mermaid stands next to a phone booth.	a woman is dressed like a mermaid for halloween	neutral
15240	A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water.	The man has on clothes.	entailment
15241	A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water.	The man is naked and scared of the water.	contradiction
15242	A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water.	The man is headed to a secluded island.	neutral
15243	A woman is walking with a costume on.	A person with some clothes on.	entailment
15244	A woman is walking with a costume on.	A woman walking around in normal clothing.	contradiction
15245	A woman is walking with a costume on.	A woman wearing a super girl costume.	neutral
15246	People ascending and descending a steep set of stairs with a large nature formation in the background.	People are using the stairs.	entailment
15247	People ascending and descending a steep set of stairs with a large nature formation in the background.	The people are skipping rocks at the beach.	contradiction
15248	People ascending and descending a steep set of stairs with a large nature formation in the background.	The people are exiting the building.	neutral
15249	Orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles.	The cones are stacked in a truck.	contradiction
15250	Orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles.	The cones are blocking the street for safety.	entailment
15251	Orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles.	The street is under construction.	neutral
15252	Orange dog walks in shallow water.	A dog is in the water.	entailment
15253	Orange dog walks in shallow water.	A dog is playing outside.	neutral
15254	Orange dog walks in shallow water.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
15255	A golden haired dog walking through shallow water	A yellow dog is chasing fish around a pond.	neutral
15256	A golden haired dog walking through shallow water	A golden dog is taking a nap in the living room.	contradiction
15257	A golden haired dog walking through shallow water	A yellow dog is in a body of water.	entailment
15258	Children play in a water sculpture on the sidewalk.	Kids digging coins out of the fountain.	neutral
15259	Children play in a water sculpture on the sidewalk.	Kids playing.	entailment
15260	Children play in a water sculpture on the sidewalk.	A man pets a cat.	contradiction
15261	An Asian woman in a green sari is accompanied by two men as she climbs a long, steep flight of steps.	The woman is leading the men to an ancient temple.	neutral
15262	An Asian woman in a green sari is accompanied by two men as she climbs a long, steep flight of steps.	A woman is teaching the two men how to water ski.	contradiction
15263	An Asian woman in a green sari is accompanied by two men as she climbs a long, steep flight of steps.	People are climbing stairs.	entailment
15264	A large dog walking through water	The dog is walking home.	neutral
15265	A large dog walking through water	The dog is running wildly.	contradiction
15266	A large dog walking through water	There is a dog in the water.	entailment
15267	Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow.	Two dogs play outside.	entailment
15268	Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow.	Two dogs wearing sweaters are playing.	neutral
15269	Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow.	Two dogs play with a baseball in the rain.	contradiction
15270	A baseball player argues with the catcher.	Two people are yelling at each other.	entailment
15271	A baseball player argues with the catcher.	The player doesn't think the catcher got him out.	neutral
15272	A baseball player argues with the catcher.	A paddle boat sailing up the river.	contradiction
15273	People climb up and down a long outdoor flight of stairs going up to a mountain.	People are walking outdoors.	entailment
15274	People climb up and down a long outdoor flight of stairs going up to a mountain.	People are climbing to and from a popular ski slope.	neutral
15275	People climb up and down a long outdoor flight of stairs going up to a mountain.	A dragon breathed fire onto a mountain and those that weren't burned alive are running from the melted snow in terror.	contradiction
15276	Workers kneel down in a stone pathway.	Workers are in construction.	neutral
15277	Workers kneel down in a stone pathway.	No one is kneeling.	contradiction
15278	Workers kneel down in a stone pathway.	People are outside.	entailment
15279	Three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.	Three dogs are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.	contradiction
15280	Three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.	Three people are crouched down close to the ground with buckets beside them.	entailment
15281	Three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.	Three people are crouched down close to the soft ground with orange buckets beside them.	neutral
15282	Three people wearing hats and all with orange tubs are working on brickwork on the ground.	There are three people in this picture, and they are all working.	entailment
15283	Three people wearing hats and all with orange tubs are working on brickwork on the ground.	The men are construction workers, trying to fix the cracked sidewalk in the older section of town.	neutral
15284	Three people wearing hats and all with orange tubs are working on brickwork on the ground.	The men are all playing chess and checkers at the local park.	contradiction
15285	Three people working on the ground work.	people are working on a scorching hot day.	neutral
15286	Three people working on the ground work.	Three people are working.	entailment
15287	Three people working on the ground work.	People are sitting in a hotel lobby.	contradiction
15288	Four cheerleaders in a row are being thrown into the air simultaneously by four separate men.	There are cheerleaders flying through the air.	entailment
15289	Four cheerleaders in a row are being thrown into the air simultaneously by four separate men.	The four men were born without arms.	contradiction
15290	Four cheerleaders in a row are being thrown into the air simultaneously by four separate men.	The cheerleaders are women.	neutral
15291	A roadside produce stand covered with sheets and two men shopping.	tWO MEN BUY PRODUCE AT A stand.	entailment
15292	A roadside produce stand covered with sheets and two men shopping.	Two men get ingredients for a salad.	neutral
15293	A roadside produce stand covered with sheets and two men shopping.	Two men ride unicycles.	contradiction
15294	A small girl holding a colorful yellow and orange box by a string.	The girl is holding the box by a string.	entailment
15295	A small girl holding a colorful yellow and orange box by a string.	The girl just received the box as a present.	neutral
15296	A small girl holding a colorful yellow and orange box by a string.	The box has an elephant in it.	contradiction
15297	Two men are deep in discussion next to a produce stand.	Two men are arguing.	neutral
15298	Two men are deep in discussion next to a produce stand.	Two men are watching TV.	contradiction
15299	Two men are deep in discussion next to a produce stand.	Two men are talking.	entailment
15300	Two men conducting business over a fruit and vegetable stand.	Two men are near some food.	entailment
15301	Two men conducting business over a fruit and vegetable stand.	Two men are discussing the price of eggplant.	neutral
15302	Two men conducting business over a fruit and vegetable stand.	The men are chopping fruit and vegetables over a counter in a kitchen.	contradiction
15303	Two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand.	The brothers make ends meet by selling vegetables from their garden.	neutral
15304	Two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand.	Two men are burning down a house.	contradiction
15305	Two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand.	Two men are near a small structure.	entailment
15306	A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper.	The painting is mostly blue.	neutral
15307	A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper.	The artist is showing her painting.	entailment
15308	A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper.	The artist is showing a sculpture.	contradiction
15309	A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors	The woman is writing a book.	neutral
15310	A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors	A woman is in outside.	entailment
15311	A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors	The woman is painting indoors.	contradiction
15312	Standing man on phone with seated woman writing, near artist's outdoor display.	The woman is writing a lab report.	neutral
15313	Standing man on phone with seated woman writing, near artist's outdoor display.	The seated woman moves her hands as she writes.	entailment
15314	Standing man on phone with seated woman writing, near artist's outdoor display.	The man and woman are both indoors.	contradiction
15315	A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches.	A woman drawing portrait while anoterh woman on a cellphone watches.	contradiction
15316	A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches.	A woman is drawing a portrait	entailment
15317	A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches.	The woman is drawing a portrait of the man on the phone.	neutral
15318	A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.	A husband and wife are sitting.	neutral
15319	A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.	People are sitting.	entailment
15320	A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.	A husband and wife are dancing in a museum.	contradiction
15321	white bird sitting in water spreading its wings	The bird is about to fly away.	neutral
15322	white bird sitting in water spreading its wings	The bird is sitting in a tree.	contradiction
15323	white bird sitting in water spreading its wings	A bird is sitting in the water.	entailment
15324	People watch a fire from their balcony.	people seeing the fire spreading	neutral
15325	People watch a fire from their balcony.	People are throwing sand	contradiction
15326	People watch a fire from their balcony.	People watching fire from the balcony	entailment
15327	A white duck spreads its wings while in the water.	The duck follows her ducklings around the water.	neutral
15328	A white duck spreads its wings while in the water.	The duck is in the water.	entailment
15329	A white duck spreads its wings while in the water.	The duck walks on the grass by the lake.	contradiction
15330	Two men and a woman watching smoke pour from a nearby building.	The apartment building is on fire.	neutral
15331	Two men and a woman watching smoke pour from a nearby building.	People watch a parade.	contradiction
15332	Two men and a woman watching smoke pour from a nearby building.	Bystanders watch a building on fire.	entailment
15333	Three people are standing on a fire escape.	The three people are inside playing cards.	contradiction
15334	Three people are standing on a fire escape.	The three people are at their apartment.	neutral
15335	Three people are standing on a fire escape.	The three people are outside.	entailment
15336	White duck flapping its wings in the water.	A duck splashing around.	entailment
15337	White duck flapping its wings in the water.	The duck is next to the water.	contradiction
15338	White duck flapping its wings in the water.	A duck trying to signal other ducks.	neutral
15339	People are standing on a fire escape watching black smoke billow in the distance.	The people are standing outside watching the rain come down.	contradiction
15340	People are standing on a fire escape watching black smoke billow in the distance.	The smoke is rising into the sky.	entailment
15341	People are standing on a fire escape watching black smoke billow in the distance.	The people are watching a fire.	neutral
15342	Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses.	Two old men stand holding hands.	contradiction
15343	Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses.	Two young flower girls stand holding hands.	entailment
15344	Two young flower girls stand hand-in-hand by a white carriage pulled by two black horses.	Two young sisters stand holding hands.	neutral
15345	An older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall.	An elder man is having his beard shaved by a young man in front of a crowd in a lecture hall.	entailment
15346	An older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall.	A man is having his beard shaved.	neutral
15347	An older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall.	A man plays with his beard.	contradiction
15348	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a standing crowd, a man receives a beard trim from a younger man.	contradiction
15349	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A barber shaves a customer	neutral
15350	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A man gets his beard trimmed.	entailment
15351	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	An old man with a top hat gets his beard trimmed by a boy.	neutral
15352	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A man gets a haircut from a girl in a black shirt.	contradiction
15353	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	An older man gets his beard trimmed by a person in a black shirt.	entailment
15354	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a standing crowd, a young man with a black beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a white shirt.	contradiction
15355	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a crowd, a man with a beard receives a shaving from a younger man.	entailment
15356	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a seated crowd, a man receives a beard trim during a hair cutting class.	neutral
15357	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A man visting a barber shop.	neutral
15358	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A guy is about to slit another guy's throat	contradiction
15359	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A woman gets her hair styled.	contradiction
15360	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a seated crowd, a man is having his beard trimmed.	entailment
15361	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	A man gets his facial hair trimmed	entailment
15362	In front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	In front of a inspired crowd, a middle-aged man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.	neutral
15363	A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery.	The worker is wearing red.	contradiction
15364	A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery.	There is something wrong with the machine.	neutral
15365	A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery.	A worker is wearing orange.	entailment
15366	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	The 2 men on stage are related.	neutral
15367	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	a man shaves himself alone	contradiction
15368	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	A man having his beard cut in front of an audience.	entailment
15369	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	the man is at home sleeping alone	contradiction
15370	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	A crowd is watching a man have his facial hair trimmed.	entailment
15371	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	a man goes to his favorite barber	neutral
15372	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
15373	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	A barber practicing hair cuts in front of students.	neutral
15374	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	There is no crowd in the auditorium.	contradiction
15375	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	the man is a farmer	neutral
15376	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	A man's facial hair is attacking the crowd.	contradiction
15377	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	The man getting his hair trimmed is a volunteer from the crowd.	neutral
15378	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	a man shaves another man	entailment
15379	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	A man performing magic tricks at a child's birthday party.	contradiction
15380	A crowd in an auditorium is watching as an older man is having his facial hair trimmed by another man.	a man is being trimmed	entailment
15381	A bearded man getting shaved in a public auditorium.	The man is getting his beard removed because it is itchy.	neutral
15382	A bearded man getting shaved in a public auditorium.	The man is getting hair removed.	entailment
15383	A bearded man getting shaved in a public auditorium.	The man is getting his eyebrows shaved in a pool.	contradiction
15384	A man working on a machine.	There is a man working	entailment
15385	A man working on a machine.	There is a man buying a machine	contradiction
15386	A man working on a machine.	There is a man working outdoors on a machine	neutral
15387	Brown-haired woman walking and staring at camera.	Woman with sunglasses on.	neutral
15388	Brown-haired woman walking and staring at camera.	Woman sitting on a bench.	contradiction
15389	Brown-haired woman walking and staring at camera.	Woman talking and staring at the camera.	entailment
15390	A man with a brown jacket and a woman with a pink jacket are facing each other in front of a metal building.	The man in the jacket is facing a woman.	entailment
15391	A man with a brown jacket and a woman with a pink jacket are facing each other in front of a metal building.	The man and woman are in front of a brick building.	contradiction
15392	A man with a brown jacket and a woman with a pink jacket are facing each other in front of a metal building.	The woman is holding the hands of the man.	neutral
15393	A man and a woman wearing coats are facing standing outside facing each other, but not looking at each other.	A married couple are naked	contradiction
15394	A man and a woman wearing coats are facing standing outside facing each other, but not looking at each other.	The man and woman are wearing coats	entailment
15395	A man and a woman wearing coats are facing standing outside facing each other, but not looking at each other.	A married couple are wearing coats	neutral
15396	A woman in a long pink trench coat speak with a man in a brown parka.	The woman and man know each other	neutral
15397	A woman in a long pink trench coat speak with a man in a brown parka.	The man isn't wearing a coat	contradiction
15398	A woman in a long pink trench coat speak with a man in a brown parka.	A woman is wearing a coat	entailment
15399	A man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall.	the people are horny	neutral
15400	A man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall.	people are standing	entailment
15401	A man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall.	the people are at the cabin sleeping	contradiction
15402	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	An asian girl with a smile has a bag.	entailment
15403	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	An Asian girl in an white color outfit gives a beautiful smile.	contradiction
15404	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	A Japanese tourist is very excited to arrive at the Eiffel Tower.	neutral
15405	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	An Asian girl in an ash color outfit gives a beautiful smile.	entailment
15406	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	A female carrying something looks happy.	entailment
15407	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	The girl is very young.	neutral
15408	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	The asian girl is from Japan.	neutral
15409	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	The asian girl is frowning.	contradiction
15410	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	A white girl has a bag and is smiling.	contradiction
15411	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	An Asian girl in an light ash color outfit gives a beautiful smile.	neutral
15412	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	A farmer is checking for eggs under his chickens.	contradiction
15413	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	An asian girl with a smile has a bag because she is shopping.	neutral
15414	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	The asian girl is smiling.	entailment
15415	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	The girl is wearing blue.	contradiction
15416	An Asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.	A girl gives a beautiful smile.	entailment
15417	A fashionable young woman walking through green-houses.	The well dressed woman is looking at plants in the greenhouse	entailment
15418	A fashionable young woman walking through green-houses.	The woman is sleeping in the green house	contradiction
15419	A fashionable young woman walking through green-houses.	A rich woman may be considering purchasing plants	neutral
15420	A woman wearing a tank top and backpack, looking back.	A person is wearing a backpack.	entailment
15421	A woman wearing a tank top and backpack, looking back.	A woman is wearing a tank top and backpack, looking foward.	contradiction
15422	A woman wearing a tank top and backpack, looking back.	A woman is looking back through a door.	neutral
15423	Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder.	The female is taking a shower.	contradiction
15424	Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder.	The female is touching the backpack.	entailment
15425	Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder.	The female is in Japan.	neutral
15426	Two little boys at a water fountain.	There is kids near the water fountain.	entailment
15427	Two little boys at a water fountain.	The two boys are playng with the water fountain.	neutral
15428	Two little boys at a water fountain.	There are two little boys at the mall.	contradiction
15429	A family buys ice cream from a truck at night.	A family is working in a garden.	contradiction
15430	A family buys ice cream from a truck at night.	A family is getting desert from a truck.	neutral
15431	A family buys ice cream from a truck at night.	A group of people are buying ice cream from a truck.	entailment
15432	A man in a green floppy hat is selling merchandise, including star-spangled inflatable baseball bats.	A man is selling products to others.	entailment
15433	A man in a green floppy hat is selling merchandise, including star-spangled inflatable baseball bats.	A man is selling hot dogs to the players.	contradiction
15434	A man in a green floppy hat is selling merchandise, including star-spangled inflatable baseball bats.	A man is selling inflatable baseball bats and mitts to the crowd.	neutral
15435	Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips.	A blond woman is on a couch.	entailment
15436	Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips.	A blond woman is sprinting on a treadmill.	contradiction
15437	Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips.	A blond woman is about to be kissed by her boyfriend.	neutral
15438	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man has inflatable clowns.	contradiction
15439	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man is holding several items.	entailment
15440	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man is a clown.	neutral
15441	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man likes baseball.	neutral
15442	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man is playing with the baseball bat	neutral
15443	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man is clean shaven.	contradiction
15444	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man has a mustache.	entailment
15445	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man does not have facial hair.	contradiction
15446	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man is in the MBA and hiting real baseballs	contradiction
15447	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man is wearing a black hat.	entailment
15448	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man is a vendor.	neutral
15449	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man and a inflatable baseball bat	entailment
15450	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man is wearing a blue hat	contradiction
15451	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	A man is trying to sell flowers and baseball bats on the street	neutral
15452	A mustached man wearing a floppy black hat displays large flowers and red, white and blue colored inflatable baseball bats.	The man has facial hair.	entailment
15453	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Two girls drink beer inside	contradiction
15454	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Children next to a drinking fountain	entailment
15455	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	the boys are thirsty	neutral
15456	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	two boys stand by a water fountain	entailment
15457	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Two boys are outdoors.	entailment
15458	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Two boys are sitting on the bench.	contradiction
15459	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	A boy and a girl sit on a bench in the park	contradiction
15460	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Two brothers stand besides a drinking fountain on a bright day	neutral
15461	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	The boys are drinking water.	neutral
15462	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	the boys are in class reading	contradiction
15463	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	The boys are running through the park.	contradiction
15464	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	two boys play in a park	neutral
15465	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Two boys are waiting their turn for a drink.	neutral
15466	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	Kids are in a park.	entailment
15467	Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.	the boys are outside	entailment
15468	A man is holding vases of moving lawn ornaments while wearing inflatable red, white, and blue baseball bats in front of him.	A man holds vases.	entailment
15469	A man is holding vases of moving lawn ornaments while wearing inflatable red, white, and blue baseball bats in front of him.	A man in a tuxedo is carrying a vase of roses.	contradiction
15470	A man is holding vases of moving lawn ornaments while wearing inflatable red, white, and blue baseball bats in front of him.	A clown prepares to perform in front of the crowd.	neutral
15471	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	Tall people on stage	neutral
15472	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	The people are experienced dancers.	neutral
15473	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	The people are playing badmitton.	contradiction
15474	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	Nobody on stage	contradiction
15475	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	People on stage	entailment
15476	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	There are dancers swimming.	contradiction
15477	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	Some dancers perform the Nutcracker while others watch.	neutral
15478	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	A group of people are dancing ballet.	entailment
15479	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	Three pairs of dancers sit in chairs backstage and relax after a performance.	contradiction
15480	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	Some dancers are on stage with others behind them.	entailment
15481	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	a bunch of dancers are on stage	entailment
15482	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	There are dancers on the stage.	entailment
15483	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	a bunch of dancers are on the planet venus	contradiction
15484	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	a bunch of dancers are on stage for the first time	neutral
15485	Three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.	There are dancers putting on a show.	neutral
15486	A man in a helmet kneels down to adjust a bicycle.	A man is repairing his bicycle.	neutral
15487	A man in a helmet kneels down to adjust a bicycle.	A man is fixing a skateboard.	contradiction
15488	A man in a helmet kneels down to adjust a bicycle.	A man is adjusting a bicycle.	entailment
15489	A man wearing a black knit hat with a green strip and a blue jacket is standing on a ladder while a woman in a red jacket and teal hat steadies the ladder.	bird flying high	contradiction
15490	A man wearing a black knit hat with a green strip and a blue jacket is standing on a ladder while a woman in a red jacket and teal hat steadies the ladder.	man changing light bulb	neutral
15491	A man wearing a black knit hat with a green strip and a blue jacket is standing on a ladder while a woman in a red jacket and teal hat steadies the ladder.	man on ladder	entailment
15492	A few people are riding elephants through a river.	Elephants are walking through a river.	entailment
15493	A few people are riding elephants through a river.	A few people are riding elephants at night.	neutral
15494	A few people are riding elephants through a river.	A man is grilling a hamburger.	contradiction
15495	The dog jumps to catch a flying disc.	A pug is jumping.	neutral
15496	The dog jumps to catch a flying disc.	A dog is jumping.	entailment
15497	The dog jumps to catch a flying disc.	A dog sits angrily.	contradiction
15498	The bicyclists are getting ready for the race, grabbing for their bikes, their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race.	Humans grabbing	entailment
15499	The bicyclists are getting ready for the race, grabbing for their bikes, their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race.	Tall humans grabbing	entailment
15500	The bicyclists are getting ready for the race, grabbing for their bikes, their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race.	Nobody is grabbing	contradiction
15501	A biker kneels down with his bike on the pavement outside with a white helmet on.	The biker is inspecting his bike.	entailment
15502	A biker kneels down with his bike on the pavement outside with a white helmet on.	The biker is watching friends at his house.	contradiction
15503	A biker kneels down with his bike on the pavement outside with a white helmet on.	The biker is tired of riding his bike.	neutral
15504	A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field.	A dog catches a frisbee for the last time.	neutral
15505	A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field.	A dog plays with a frisbee.	entailment
15506	A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field.	A cat runs away from a frisbee.	contradiction
15507	A young boy standing in front of a building holding a blue umbrella.	The umbrella is green	contradiction
15508	A young boy standing in front of a building holding a blue umbrella.	The umbrella is big	neutral
15509	A young boy standing in front of a building holding a blue umbrella.	The boy is young	entailment
15510	A young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop.	A boy is running down the sidewalk with no clothes on.	contradiction
15511	A young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop.	The boy was given this umbrella by their parents.	neutral
15512	A young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop.	a young boy is prepared for inclement weather.	entailment
15513	A little boy in a green shirt holds a blue umbrella in front of a doorway framed by orange signs with Asian writing on them.	The Asian is a friend of the boy.	neutral
15514	A little boy in a green shirt holds a blue umbrella in front of a doorway framed by orange signs with Asian writing on them.	The shirt is green.	entailment
15515	A little boy in a green shirt holds a blue umbrella in front of a doorway framed by orange signs with Asian writing on them.	The shirt is red.	contradiction
15516	Female rollerskating athlete	A woman broker her leg	contradiction
15517	Female rollerskating athlete	A woman plays many sports	neutral
15518	Female rollerskating athlete	A woman is a rollerskater	entailment
15519	Roller derby girl skating with others.	A girl is skating	entailment
15520	Roller derby girl skating with others.	The girl is rollerblading	contradiction
15521	Roller derby girl skating with others.	The girl is on a big team	neutral
15522	One lady focusing on her rollerskating.	The person is about to fall.	neutral
15523	One lady focusing on her rollerskating.	The female is playing cards.	contradiction
15524	One lady focusing on her rollerskating.	A woman is involved in a recreational activity.	entailment
15525	A young boy holding a blue umbrella.	It is raining.	neutral
15526	A young boy holding a blue umbrella.	An old woman is driving.	contradiction
15527	A young boy holding a blue umbrella.	A child is holding something.	entailment
15528	Roller derby girl dressed in pink helmet, white tank top, and black shorts skates.	The roller derby girl knows how to skate.	neutral
15529	Roller derby girl dressed in pink helmet, white tank top, and black shorts skates.	The roller derby girl is not barefoot.	entailment
15530	Roller derby girl dressed in pink helmet, white tank top, and black shorts skates.	The roller derby girl is barefoot.	contradiction
15531	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A shirtless man relaxes on a porch near a front door.	contradiction
15532	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A man is relaxing.	entailment
15533	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The bicycles have flat tires.	neutral
15534	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A man is wearing a hat.	neutral
15535	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	Three bikes are near a man in a chair.	entailment
15536	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A man without a shirt is wearing hat and is in a chair.	entailment
15537	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The man is on his deck	neutral
15538	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The man is wearing a sweatshirt.	contradiction
15539	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A man is wearing clothes.	contradiction
15540	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The man is comfortable in the chair.	neutral
15541	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A shirtless man relaxes by three bicycles.	entailment
15542	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The man is wearing a collared shirt.	contradiction
15543	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	The man is a gold statue	contradiction
15544	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A shirtless man relaxes in a deck chair next to his family.	neutral
15545	A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair, close to three parked bicycles.	A man is outdoors	entailment
15546	A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors.	A drunk man is sleeping outside.	neutral
15547	A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors.	A man is sleeping outside.	entailment
15548	A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors.	A woman is sleeping outside.	contradiction
15549	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	There is an older man running and jumping on the new patio outside.	contradiction
15550	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	An older man is watching cyclists while relaxing on the patio.	neutral
15551	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A person enjoying the nice weather in view of vehicles.	entailment
15552	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A old man is riding a bike	contradiction
15553	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A man is sitting down.	entailment
15554	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A young man in an arcade playing video games with his friends.	contradiction
15555	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	The man is inside watching tv.	contradiction
15556	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A person enjoying a cold glass of lemonade at an outdoor cafe.	neutral
15557	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	There is an older man outside.	entailment
15558	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	The man can't remember which bike is his.	neutral
15559	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	An older man is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
15560	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	A grandfather is relaxing on the new patio outside.	neutral
15561	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	An old man relaxes on a patio.	entailment
15562	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	The bikes propped are of various colors.	neutral
15563	An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.	The elder man is outside near some bikes.	entailment
15564	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The man is trying to get a tan	neutral
15565	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	An elderly man is resting.	entailment
15566	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	A old man is digging a hole	contradiction
15567	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The man's white hat has an image of an eagle on it.	neutral
15568	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	A topless old man is sunbathing.	neutral
15569	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	A man is sitting in a reclining chair.	entailment
15570	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	There is a topless woman lounging outdoors	contradiction
15571	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The man is sitting down.	entailment
15572	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	It is warm outside.	neutral
15573	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The man is inside watching television.	contradiction
15574	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The man is outdoors without a shirt on.	entailment
15575	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	There is a man enjoying the outdoors	entailment
15576	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	A man is running a race.	contradiction
15577	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	The chair is indoors.	contradiction
15578	Topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.	A man is on vacation.	neutral
15579	Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street.	A man is sitting down on a street eating popcorn.	neutral
15580	Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street.	A man is standing up.	contradiction
15581	Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street.	A man is sitting down.	entailment
15582	A group of people are buying ice cream from a truck at night.	There are people buying ice cream.	entailment
15583	A group of people are buying ice cream from a truck at night.	A group of friends sit at home and watch TV.	contradiction
15584	A group of people are buying ice cream from a truck at night.	A family decides to buy some ice cream from the best place in town.	neutral
15585	Older man playing accordion on a street.	A man is singing with an accordian.	neutral
15586	Older man playing accordion on a street.	A musician is outside.	entailment
15587	Older man playing accordion on a street.	An adult is throwing change into a hat.	contradiction
15588	A man is playing the accordion in an empty park.	A man plays music in the park.	entailment
15589	A man is playing the accordion in an empty park.	The man is asleep on the park bench.	contradiction
15590	A man is playing the accordion in an empty park.	The man is a professional musician.	neutral
15591	A man with an accordion sitting along side a path.	The man with the accordion started playing an old song.	neutral
15592	A man with an accordion sitting along side a path.	There is music by the path.	entailment
15593	A man with an accordion sitting along side a path.	The man ate some steak by the path.	contradiction
15594	A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion.	The guy is on the road playing an instrument.	entailment
15595	A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion.	The guy is sitting on the road asking for money.	contradiction
15596	A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion.	The guy is on the road with an accordion.	neutral
15597	A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion.	Several group of men are playing musical instruments from a white building.	neutral
15598	A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion.	A man sits in front of a white building playing music from an accordion.	entailment
15599	A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion.	A man is sleeping in the driveway of a white building.	contradiction
15600	Men wearing blue outfits and wearing straw hats are riding on elephants through a river.	Old men in blue clothing and straw hats are wading through a murky river on elephants.	neutral
15601	Men wearing blue outfits and wearing straw hats are riding on elephants through a river.	A woman on a horse jumps over a fallen tree.	contradiction
15602	Men wearing blue outfits and wearing straw hats are riding on elephants through a river.	Men in blue clothing and straw hats are wading through a river on elephants.	entailment
15603	A man is sitting down and holding a young boy.	The man is not alone.	entailment
15604	A man is sitting down and holding a young boy.	The man is infact a cow that likes to eat lemons.	contradiction
15605	A man is sitting down and holding a young boy.	The man is getting ready to race in a three legged race with the boy.	neutral
15606	Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti.	The graffiti artists admire their work.	neutral
15607	Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti.	The artists admire their painting at the exhibit.	contradiction
15608	Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti.	A graffitied wall serves as backdrop for a couple youth in long jackets and an umbrella.	entailment
15609	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	the strollers are in the motel	contradiction
15610	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	stollers enjoy music	entailment
15611	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	people are trying to get a tan	neutral
15612	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	A thunderstorm is currently overhead.	contradiction
15613	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	Music is playing outside.	entailment
15614	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	Sun-drenched people enjoy music on a yacht on the water.	neutral
15615	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	It is pitch black outside; it is night and everyone has gone home - the park is deserted.	contradiction
15616	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	There is a brief concert played near sunset every day in the park that anyone can come and listen to.	neutral
15617	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	people enjoy music on the water	entailment
15618	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	Revelers enjoy the sun and music on the water.	entailment
15619	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	There is not a cloud in the sky.	neutral
15620	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	people are sledding in the snow	contradiction
15621	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	People enjoy music at night.	contradiction
15622	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	There is a lake or other body of water in the picture	entailment
15623	Sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.	the strollers are men	neutral
15624	A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by.	A man is playing guitar on a beach.	contradiction
15625	A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by.	A man plays drums near people.	entailment
15626	A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by.	A man is playing drums on a beach.	neutral
15627	People carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.	People are running down a street with a parked motorcycle.	contradiction
15628	People carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.	People are walking on a street.	entailment
15629	People carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.	Four people are walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.	neutral
15630	An African woman carries a bag of groceries down the street.	A black woman is carrying a plastic bag down a street.	neutral
15631	An African woman carries a bag of groceries down the street.	A black woman is carrying a bag of groceries.	entailment
15632	An African woman carries a bag of groceries down the street.	A black woman is carrying a dog.	contradiction
15633	Pedestrians walk down a street with bags in hand.	The people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local family fun center.	contradiction
15634	Pedestrians walk down a street with bags in hand.	There are many people in this picture, and they are all outside.	entailment
15635	Pedestrians walk down a street with bags in hand.	The people are on their way home from the farmer's market, fresh vegetables in tow.	neutral
15636	Two children playing on a black rope climbing toy with people eating at a restaurant behind them.	A woman draws a caricature.	contradiction
15637	Two children playing on a black rope climbing toy with people eating at a restaurant behind them.	Kids are playing on the playground behind an upscale French Bistro.	neutral
15638	Two children playing on a black rope climbing toy with people eating at a restaurant behind them.	Children playing within view of a restaurant.	entailment
15639	A man in a red shirt plays the drums on a pier.	A man playing drums as part of a Fourth of July concert.	neutral
15640	A man in a red shirt plays the drums on a pier.	A man outside playing the drums.	entailment
15641	A man in a red shirt plays the drums on a pier.	A man in a red shirt plays the trumpet on the stage.	contradiction
15642	Dogs racing on a track	The pets are playing in the kitchen.	contradiction
15643	Dogs racing on a track	The collies are running fast.	neutral
15644	Dogs racing on a track	Animals are competing.	entailment
15645	A man with a yellow backpack is standing on a pathway.	Some men is standing on the road with the bag coloured yellow	neutral
15646	A man with a yellow backpack is standing on a pathway.	People's are standing on the way with yellow bag	entailment
15647	A man with a yellow backpack is standing on a pathway.	The men were talking	contradiction
15648	woman in white walking on the street.	a woman in white walks down a busy street	neutral
15649	woman in white walking on the street.	a woman in white walks outside	entailment
15650	woman in white walking on the street.	a woman in red runs down a hall	contradiction
15651	This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background.	A man contemplates suicide by jumping off the roof.	neutral
15652	This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background.	A man stands on the roof.	entailment
15653	This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background.	A man is watching TV.	contradiction
15654	A happy little Asian girl is holding a water bottle.	The little girl holds an aquarium.	contradiction
15655	A happy little Asian girl is holding a water bottle.	A little Asian girl happily holds a bottle.	entailment
15656	A happy little Asian girl is holding a water bottle.	An Asian girl holds a bottle.	neutral
15657	a female throws a frisbee while another attempts to block her toss.	A female throws a frisbee while a man attempts to catch it.	contradiction
15658	a female throws a frisbee while another attempts to block her toss.	A female throws a frisbee outside.	entailment
15659	a female throws a frisbee while another attempts to block her toss.	A female throws a frisbee while a player on another team attempts to block the toss.	neutral
15660	A man toasts buns behind the counter of a restaurant.	A man is making a sandwich.	neutral
15661	A man toasts buns behind the counter of a restaurant.	A man is at home cooking dinner.	contradiction
15662	A man toasts buns behind the counter of a restaurant.	A man at a restaurant.	entailment
15663	A man dressed in ceremonial clothing is dancing outside with people following him waving their hands.	The man is singing in an Iron Man costume.	contradiction
15664	A man dressed in ceremonial clothing is dancing outside with people following him waving their hands.	The man is dancing.	entailment
15665	A man dressed in ceremonial clothing is dancing outside with people following him waving their hands.	The man dancing is a professional dancer.	neutral
15666	A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.	A man plays the violin.	contradiction
15667	A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.	A man is playing an instrument.	entailment
15668	A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.	A man plays an instrument for a crowd.	neutral
15669	There is a man wearing a hat and a blue jacket but he is also riding on a elephant.	The guy is riding a huge animal while wearing winter clothes.	entailment
15670	There is a man wearing a hat and a blue jacket but he is also riding on a elephant.	The man is wearing cowboy clothes while on a horse.	contradiction
15671	There is a man wearing a hat and a blue jacket but he is also riding on a elephant.	The person is outside on a pet.	neutral
15672	Lady in heels and blue jeans crossing the street.	A man rides his bike across the street.	contradiction
15673	Lady in heels and blue jeans crossing the street.	A person crosses the street at a crosswalk.	neutral
15674	Lady in heels and blue jeans crossing the street.	A woman crosses the street.	entailment
15675	A woman wearing tight jeans and high heels is running across the road.	Woman is running across street to meet up with her friends.	neutral
15676	A woman wearing tight jeans and high heels is running across the road.	Woman is walking down sidewalk.	contradiction
15677	A woman wearing tight jeans and high heels is running across the road.	Woman runs in heels to cross street	entailment
15678	A woman wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and heels, runs across the street to avoid oncoming traffic.	There is a white blouse.	entailment
15679	A woman wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and heels, runs across the street to avoid oncoming traffic.	The blouse is black.	contradiction
15680	A woman wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and heels, runs across the street to avoid oncoming traffic.	The blouse is old.	neutral
15681	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	Two men are eating fresh vegetables.	contradiction
15682	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	Two men at a food stand.	entailment
15683	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	A man gives a woman some vegetables.	entailment
15684	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	The two men are waiting on the bowl of Fruit Loops to get done.	contradiction
15685	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	Two men and a woman are at the vegetable stand.	entailment
15686	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	The two men are at a vegetable stand, and one of the men gave a woman some vegetables.	entailment
15687	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	The two men are buying a bucket of tomatoes.	neutral
15688	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	Two men throwing fruit at cats trying to scare them away.	contradiction
15689	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	This is at a farmers market	neutral
15690	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	A few people standing at a vegetable stand are purchasing vegetables	entailment
15691	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	The lady in red is selling hot dogs.	contradiction
15692	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	An elderly man gives a woman some carrots.	neutral
15693	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	A couple of men are giving a woman some vegetables.	neutral
15694	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	A man is giving a woman red meat.	contradiction
15695	A man in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt are at a vegetable stand, and the man in the orange shirt gives a woman wearing red some vegetables.	Two men are selling vegetables to a lady.	neutral
15696	A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock.	A person without a helmet rappels down the rock.	contradiction
15697	A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock.	A person rock climbs.	entailment
15698	A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock.	A person is almost to the top of the rock she is climbing.	neutral
15699	a young mother carrying her sleeping daughter.	the woman is asleep	contradiction
15700	a young mother carrying her sleeping daughter.	a woman carries her daughter	entailment
15701	a young mother carrying her sleeping daughter.	the woman is old	neutral
15702	A guy wearing blue jeans.	A woman in a skirt.	contradiction
15703	A guy wearing blue jeans.	A man wearing jeans is looking across a street.	neutral
15704	A guy wearing blue jeans.	A person wearing jeans.	entailment
15705	A frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it.	Two girls are playing frisbee.	entailment
15706	A frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it.	Two girls are competing in a frisbee game.	neutral
15707	A frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it.	Some girls are shoppping at the mall.	contradiction
15708	A man with black shirt and jeans is nailing something on the top step of a ladder.	A man is having a glass of wine at a restaurant.	contradiction
15709	A man with black shirt and jeans is nailing something on the top step of a ladder.	A man is nailing something to the wall on top of the step ladder.	neutral
15710	A man with black shirt and jeans is nailing something on the top step of a ladder.	A man is using a hammer.	entailment
15711	A man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall.	A man is working	entailment
15712	A man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall.	A woman is painting	contradiction
15713	A man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall.	A man is about to fall	neutral
15714	A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is standing on top of a ladder to paint a wall in a room with a high ceiling and a chandelier.	A man is painting a fence outside.	contradiction
15715	A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is standing on top of a ladder to paint a wall in a room with a high ceiling and a chandelier.	A man is on a ladder painting.	entailment
15716	A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is standing on top of a ladder to paint a wall in a room with a high ceiling and a chandelier.	The man is a restoration specialists, and paints only very old houses.	neutral
15717	Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset.	There are people in the water.	entailment
15718	Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset.	People are paddling in the water.	neutral
15719	Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset.	A boy and a girl are playing baseball.	contradiction
15720	In an urban setting, a smiling couple is photographed mid-jump with a water fountain in the backdrop.	A couple is smiling in front of a fountain on the outskirts of town.	neutral
15721	In an urban setting, a smiling couple is photographed mid-jump with a water fountain in the backdrop.	A couple is smiling.	entailment
15722	In an urban setting, a smiling couple is photographed mid-jump with a water fountain in the backdrop.	A person is sad that the fountain is broken.	contradiction
15723	A young family sitting on stone steps.	The people are sitting.	entailment
15724	A young family sitting on stone steps.	The steps are in front of their house.	neutral
15725	A young family sitting on stone steps.	The people are standing in the driveway.	contradiction
15726	The man is watching the women in red T-shirt.	A person is watching another person.	entailment
15727	The man is watching the women in red T-shirt.	Two people base jumping off a building.	contradiction
15728	The man is watching the women in red T-shirt.	An old man is watching the voluptuous young women in red T-shirt.	neutral
15729	Large group gathers around at a clean air conference with cameramen located in the middle.	There is a cameraman at the clean air conference.	entailment
15730	Large group gathers around at a clean air conference with cameramen located in the middle.	Nobody showed up at the clean air conference.	contradiction
15731	Large group gathers around at a clean air conference with cameramen located in the middle.	The cameramen are taking pictures of the large group.	neutral
15732	A political gathering is being covered by the media.	None of the media personell showed up for the political event.	contradiction
15733	A political gathering is being covered by the media.	The news teams have gathered for a political meeting.	entailment
15734	A political gathering is being covered by the media.	Crews have gathered to talk to the people.	neutral
15735	A large conference with videographers in the foreground.	A small conference with videographers in the foreground.	neutral
15736	A large conference with videographers in the foreground.	A large conference with videographers.	entailment
15737	A large conference with videographers in the foreground.	A huge conference with videohraphers in the moon.	contradiction
15738	The couple receives their meal from the male waiter while the girl sits alone.	the couple is old	neutral
15739	The couple receives their meal from the male waiter while the girl sits alone.	a couple receive meal	entailment
15740	The couple receives their meal from the male waiter while the girl sits alone.	the couple are asleep at home	contradiction
15741	Lady wearing orange top, brown pants sitting and talking with a lady upon a bench	Two women discussing work on a bunch.	neutral
15742	Lady wearing orange top, brown pants sitting and talking with a lady upon a bench	Three women talking on a bench.	contradiction
15743	Lady wearing orange top, brown pants sitting and talking with a lady upon a bench	Two women talking on a bench.	entailment
15744	people enjoying their meals at an expensive restaurant.	The people all order the same meal.	neutral
15745	people enjoying their meals at an expensive restaurant.	The people are at a bachelor's party.	contradiction
15746	people enjoying their meals at an expensive restaurant.	There are people at a restaurant.	entailment
15747	A group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation.	The people are scared of the driver.	neutral
15748	A group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation.	The people are renting a car.	contradiction
15749	A group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation.	The group of people are in holding on inside the vehicle.	entailment
15750	Two hikers climbing a snowy hill.	A man and woman walk on a hill.	neutral
15751	Two hikers climbing a snowy hill.	Two people walk in the sun snine.	contradiction
15752	Two hikers climbing a snowy hill.	Two people walk on a snowy hill.	entailment
15753	A group of people are having a conversation.	A group of people are all asleep.	contradiction
15754	A group of people are having a conversation.	A group of people are talking.	entailment
15755	A group of people are having a conversation.	A group of people are inside.	neutral
15756	A group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next.	A dog scratches its head.	contradiction
15757	A group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next.	Some vacationers are looking at a brochure.	neutral
15758	A group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next.	Some people are looking at a brochure.	entailment
15759	A lone skier is making their way up a mountain.	The skier is outside the boundary.	neutral
15760	A lone skier is making their way up a mountain.	The man is riding a jet ski.	contradiction
15761	A lone skier is making their way up a mountain.	The person is outside.	entailment
15762	a photo shoot of a swimsuit model on the beach.	A photo shoot of a swimsuit model in a department store	contradiction
15763	a photo shoot of a swimsuit model on the beach.	A man model on the beach	neutral
15764	a photo shoot of a swimsuit model on the beach.	A person being photographed on the beach	entailment
15765	A group of girls in a huddle.	The girls are preparing for the game.	neutral
15766	A group of girls in a huddle.	A group of girls in a huddle.	entailment
15767	A group of girls in a huddle.	A group of guys in a huddle.	contradiction
15768	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two people are walking up the side of the mountain.	contradiction
15769	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	The mountain is cold.	entailment
15770	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two best friends set out to accomplish their life goal. To climb up a snowy mountain	neutral
15771	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	A pair of climbers scale a mountain.	entailment
15772	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	The sun shines warmly on the grassy mountain.	contradiction
15773	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Some people are hiking in the wilderness.	neutral
15774	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Some people are camping in the woods.	contradiction
15775	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	The climbers are using ropes.	neutral
15776	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two people are  climbing a mountain.	entailment
15777	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers make the trek up a snowy mountain	entailment
15778	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two people are scared of heights and facing that challenge by climbing a mountain.	neutral
15779	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two men climb mount Everest.	neutral
15780	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	There are people outside on a mountain.	entailment
15781	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Two friends are seen relaxing at the foot of a mountain.	contradiction
15782	Two people climbing up a snowy mountain.	Five people descend down a sand dune.	contradiction
15783	A man is standing in a beam of sunlight.	A man is standing in the sun.	entailment
15784	A man is standing in a beam of sunlight.	A lady is standing in a beam of light.	contradiction
15785	A man is standing in a beam of sunlight.	A man wearing sunglasses is standing in a beam of light.	neutral
15786	A boy surveys merchandise in an alleyway market.	A boy is in a market.	entailment
15787	A boy surveys merchandise in an alleyway market.	A boy is sleeping.	contradiction
15788	A boy surveys merchandise in an alleyway market.	A boy is shopping.	neutral
15789	People stand in a cluttered alley.	The alley is spotless.	contradiction
15790	People stand in a cluttered alley.	It is dark.	neutral
15791	People stand in a cluttered alley.	They are on there feet.	entailment
15792	A boy is standing in a dimly lit alley.	A boy is standing in the alley.	entailment
15793	A boy is standing in a dimly lit alley.	A girl is in alley with friends.	contradiction
15794	A boy is standing in a dimly lit alley.	A boy is standing in the alley by himself at night.	neutral
15795	People in a marketplace.	The market has just opened for the day, and will be open late into the night or until all the products are sold out.	neutral
15796	People in a marketplace.	There are many people in this picture, and they are all outside.	entailment
15797	People in a marketplace.	The market is empty, and all the customers and store owners have gone home for the evening.	contradiction
15798	A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool.	A woman dives into a wave at the beach.	contradiction
15799	A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool.	A boy is standing in an inflatable pool.	neutral
15800	A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool.	A child is splashing in a pol.	entailment
15801	A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool.	A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool	entailment
15802	A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool.	The little boy was having fun splashing in the pool	neutral
15803	A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool.	The little boy dumped the water into the dirt and played in the mud	contradiction
15804	a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water.	The boy is in the pool.	entailment
15805	a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water.	The pool is blue.	neutral
15806	a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water.	The boy is doing his homework.	contradiction
15807	A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool.	Small child stands next to deflated pool.	contradiction
15808	A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool.	A small child is playing with an inflatable pool.	entailment
15809	A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool.	A small child is enjoying the summer outside in his inflatable pool.	neutral
15810	A smiling young man in jeans and a t-shirt laying down in tall grass.	The man is itchy.	neutral
15811	A smiling young man in jeans and a t-shirt laying down in tall grass.	A man is outside.	entailment
15812	A smiling young man in jeans and a t-shirt laying down in tall grass.	The man is running.	contradiction
15813	Two individuals in green surgical scrubs are performing a medical procedure.	The individuals are in scrubs.	entailment
15814	Two individuals in green surgical scrubs are performing a medical procedure.	The doctors are wearing scrubs.	neutral
15815	Two individuals in green surgical scrubs are performing a medical procedure.	The hospital has no oxygen.	contradiction
15816	A man is looking into a telescope over a balcony.	A bird is sitting in a tree.	neutral
15817	A man is looking into a telescope over a balcony.	A man sees a bird in a tree.	entailment
15818	A man is looking into a telescope over a balcony.	A bird is in the water.	contradiction
15819	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A man is at a nightclub.	contradiction
15820	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person is jumping into a pond.	neutral
15821	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person is jumping.	entailment
15822	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	There is a person jumping.	entailment
15823	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	Someone jumps off of a large rock.	entailment
15824	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	There is a person in a desert.	entailment
15825	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person is outside.	entailment
15826	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A man is trying to kill himself.	neutral
15827	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A guy is playing on desert rocks.	neutral
15828	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person jumps near a cactus.	neutral
15829	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person is swimming.	contradiction
15830	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A rock is alone in the desert.	contradiction
15831	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	A person goes grocery shopping.	contradiction
15832	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	Kangaroo hopping in a rain forest tree.	contradiction
15833	A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert.	Rock formations in rainforest	neutral
15834	A man steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	A sad man steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	neutral
15835	A man steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	A woman steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	contradiction
15836	A man steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	Someone steps off a rock outcropping in the desert.	entailment
15837	Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.	Two girls are playing basketball on a court.	contradiction
15838	Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.	Two girls are playing in a ball pit.	entailment
15839	Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.	Two girls are throwing multicolored balls at each other in a ball pen.	neutral
15840	A male soccer player running on the field.	A soccer player is running from dogs.	neutral
15841	A male soccer player running on the field.	A soccer player is running.	entailment
15842	A male soccer player running on the field.	A soccer player is lying on the ground.	contradiction
15843	Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls.	The children sat at desks.	contradiction
15844	Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls.	Some children are entertaining themselves.	neutral
15845	Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls.	There are children are playing.	entailment
15846	The little girl with the white dress is smiling in the direction of the camera.	The father of the little girl is taking the picture.	neutral
15847	The little girl with the white dress is smiling in the direction of the camera.	The little girl is frowning at the camera.	contradiction
15848	The little girl with the white dress is smiling in the direction of the camera.	The little girl is posing for a picture.	entailment
15849	A person is running across a desert.	The person is looking for water.	neutral
15850	A person is running across a desert.	The person is in his cool house.	contradiction
15851	A person is running across a desert.	The person is outside in the heat.	entailment
15852	A football player dressed in green and white advances the ball while watched by a defender in blue.	The football player juked the defender.	neutral
15853	A football player dressed in green and white advances the ball while watched by a defender in blue.	The football player passed the defender.	entailment
15854	A football player dressed in green and white advances the ball while watched by a defender in blue.	The football player got tackled.	contradiction
15855	A young teenage woman walking.	The girl is walking.	entailment
15856	A young teenage woman walking.	The girl is walking home from work.	neutral
15857	A young teenage woman walking.	The man is in a wheelchair.	contradiction
15858	A group of bicyclists are competing in a race.	the bicyclists are racing	entailment
15859	A group of bicyclists are competing in a race.	the bicyclists are racing for the 200 dollar prize	neutral
15860	A group of bicyclists are competing in a race.	the frogs eat birds	contradiction
15861	A young girl in a blue Hollister shirt walks on the street.	A girl is walking with her mother.	neutral
15862	A young girl in a blue Hollister shirt walks on the street.	A child is outdoors	entailment
15863	A young girl in a blue Hollister shirt walks on the street.	A young girl in a blue Hollister shirt is climbing a tree.	contradiction
15864	A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans.	A young woman in a white tank top and yoga pants.	contradiction
15865	A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans.	A young woman posing for a Hollister shoot.	neutral
15866	A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans.	A young woman in a blue shirt and jeans.	entailment
15867	A young women with long brown hair looks to the left and wears a blue "Hollister" shirt.	She received the shirt as a gift from her boyfriend.	neutral
15868	A young women with long brown hair looks to the left and wears a blue "Hollister" shirt.	A woman is wearing a "Hollister" shirt.	entailment
15869	A young women with long brown hair looks to the left and wears a blue "Hollister" shirt.	A woman is looking down at a stain on her shirt.	contradiction
15870	A woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans walking past a store.	A woman in jeans is walking fast.	neutral
15871	A woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans walking past a store.	A woman in jeans stops at a store.	contradiction
15872	A woman in a blue shirt and blue jeans walking past a store.	A woman in jeans is out walking.	entailment
15873	A man with a uniform is walking.	a person in uniform walks	entailment
15874	A man with a uniform is walking.	a 30 year old man in uniform walks	neutral
15875	A man with a uniform is walking.	a woman calls her friend	contradiction
15876	Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.	it's a windy day and kids are playing outdoors	neutral
15877	Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.	some kites float around near a lake	contradiction
15878	Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.	some kits in front of a mountain	entailment
15879	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man walks down the street.	entailment
15880	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man walks in the city streets.	neutral
15881	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man in a coat hurries along the road to a job interview	neutral
15882	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	The man is inside the house.	contradiction
15883	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	The man is wearing a red coat.	contradiction
15884	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man walks down the street.	entailment
15885	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A naked man walks down the street.	contradiction
15886	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man walks along the street	entailment
15887	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	The man is walking out in the night.	neutral
15888	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man is walking his dog down the street	neutral
15889	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man wearing black is walking on a road	entailment
15890	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man in a big black leather coat and hat walks down the empty street.	neutral
15891	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	The man is outdoors.	entailment
15892	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man in swimsuit was sitting on the beach	contradiction
15893	A man in a big black coat and hat walks down the street.	A man in a t-shirt rides his bike along the road	contradiction
15894	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man is about to attend church	neutral
15895	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A Jewish man stands near friends.	contradiction
15896	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A fat man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	neutral
15897	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man is by himself	entailment
15898	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man is dressed in traditional nigerian wear	contradiction
15899	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen in a crowd from behind.	contradiction
15900	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man dresses up in traditional Jewish clothing costume.	neutral
15901	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A Jewish man is standing alone.	neutral
15902	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man seen alone from behind.	entailment
15903	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man is shown in a crowded building.	contradiction
15904	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A Jewish man is entertaining a large amount of people.	contradiction
15905	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man is dressed in traditional Jewish clothing.	entailment
15906	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man wears a green colored orthodox Jewish dress.	neutral
15907	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A man in religious garb is shown alone.	entailment
15908	A man in traditional orthodox Jewish dress is seen alone from behind.	A Jewish man stands alone.	entailment
15909	A man in a black hat walks down the street.	The man is walking home.	neutral
15910	A man in a black hat walks down the street.	The man is sleeping.	contradiction
15911	A man in a black hat walks down the street.	The man is walking.	entailment
15912	A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat.	A man casts his fishing line.	contradiction
15913	A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat.	A guy walks down the street with a big hat he won at the carnival.	neutral
15914	A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat.	A dude walks down the road.	entailment
15915	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	An animal is running.	entailment
15916	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A cat is running.	contradiction
15917	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A dog has saliva flying out of its mouth.	neutral
15918	A man with a bright orange shirt and crazy shades crosses the street.	The man has purple glasses.	neutral
15919	A man with a bright orange shirt and crazy shades crosses the street.	The woman is dress plainly.	contradiction
15920	A man with a bright orange shirt and crazy shades crosses the street.	The man with the crazy glasses walks across the street.	entailment
15921	There are two children playing in a playground.	Two kids at a park playing.	entailment
15922	There are two children playing in a playground.	Two kids at school on recess playing.	neutral
15923	There are two children playing in a playground.	Two children eating lunch and watching a movie.	contradiction
15924	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children doing  their homework	contradiction
15925	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children playing on a playground having fun.	neutral
15926	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	The children are playing in a pool.	contradiction
15927	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	A child just injured their self and everyone is being sent home.	contradiction
15928	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children playing on slide in school	neutral
15929	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children playing on slide	entailment
15930	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children playing on a playground.	entailment
15931	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children are studying in a classroom.	contradiction
15932	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Some people are playing outside.	entailment
15933	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children playing on a giraffe.	contradiction
15934	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	The playground is large.	neutral
15935	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children are sliding down a very tall slide.	neutral
15936	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	A child is about to land in the sand after sliding down a slide.	neutral
15937	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	There are children playing.	entailment
15938	Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.	Children are playing.	entailment
15939	Two children in winter clothes playing on a slide.	Two boys play on the slide.	neutral
15940	Two children in winter clothes playing on a slide.	Two horses play together.	contradiction
15941	Two children in winter clothes playing on a slide.	Two kids play on the slide.	entailment
15942	An elderly woman is walking on a street filled with graffiti while dressed with a young, hip attire.	the old woman has dementia and believes she is a young hipster	neutral
15943	An elderly woman is walking on a street filled with graffiti while dressed with a young, hip attire.	the old woman is on a street filled with graffiti	entailment
15944	An elderly woman is walking on a street filled with graffiti while dressed with a young, hip attire.	the old woman is dressed in a floral pattern dress with a hat on, very 1970's.	contradiction
15945	Black man in white shirt shaving another man's head.	Someone is getting their head shaved.	entailment
15946	Black man in white shirt shaving another man's head.	A black man is having their head shaved.	neutral
15947	Black man in white shirt shaving another man's head.	A woman is getting a haircut.	contradiction
15948	Two boys playing on the slide in a playground.	The kids are the same gender.	entailment
15949	Two boys playing on the slide in a playground.	The boys are Mount Trashmore in Virginia Beach.	neutral
15950	Two boys playing on the slide in a playground.	The boys are watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse in their hotel room.	contradiction
15951	A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow.	A man is swimming in a pool	contradiction
15952	A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow.	A man is holding an intricate pillow	entailment
15953	A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow.	The man is preparing to take a nap	neutral
15954	A child runs through the grass laughing.	child eats with his father at home	contradiction
15955	A child runs through the grass laughing.	a laughing child runs through the grass	entailment
15956	A child runs through the grass laughing.	a laughing american child wearinh red runs through the grass	neutral
15957	Men in yellow and green suits dance in the street.	Men are dancing in the street.	entailment
15958	Men in yellow and green suits dance in the street.	Men are riding a cat.	contradiction
15959	Men in yellow and green suits dance in the street.	Men are putting on a show.	neutral
15960	A group of men dancing on the street, wearing green and white costume; one man is in yellow.	A group of men in suits are seated at a restaurant.	contradiction
15961	A group of men dancing on the street, wearing green and white costume; one man is in yellow.	People are behaving festively outdoors.	entailment
15962	A group of men dancing on the street, wearing green and white costume; one man is in yellow.	Members of a crowd start dancing when the street performer plays a catchy tune.	neutral
15963	A group of men in festive costumes dancing in a parade.	The men are gay.	neutral
15964	A group of men in festive costumes dancing in a parade.	Everyone is sad.	neutral
15965	A group of men in festive costumes dancing in a parade.	Men are in the parade.	entailment
15966	A few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade	the parade gives away free candy	neutral
15967	A few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade	the men are walking somberly in a force march of doom	contradiction
15968	A few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade	some guys are dancing in a parade	entailment
15969	A child running in the grass.	A man running in the grass.	contradiction
15970	A child running in the grass.	A child running outside.	entailment
15971	A child running in the grass.	A child running in the green grass.	neutral
15972	Several figures stand outdoors on the top of a flight of steps, one of whom is holding a yellow parasol with blue trim.	some people are sleeping	contradiction
15973	Several figures stand outdoors on the top of a flight of steps, one of whom is holding a yellow parasol with blue trim.	People stand on stairs	neutral
15974	Several figures stand outdoors on the top of a flight of steps, one of whom is holding a yellow parasol with blue trim.	People stand on stairs holding a parasol	entailment
15975	Children watch a pigeon in a public square.	Children observe a pigeon.	entailment
15976	Children watch a pigeon in a public square.	Children prepare to feed a pigeon bread crumbs.	neutral
15977	Children watch a pigeon in a public square.	Adults play with a parrot outdoors.	contradiction
15978	These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background.	The girls are standing.	entailment
15979	These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background.	The girls are sitting on a bench.	contradiction
15980	These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background.	The girls are teenagers.	neutral
15981	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four schoolgirls are standing on a corner.	neutral
15982	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four Asians are standing on a corner.	entailment
15983	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	a group of asian girls with bookbags stand around	entailment
15984	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	The girls are sitting.	contradiction
15985	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	The girls are outdoors.	entailment
15986	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four kids are waiting for the crosswalk on the way to school.	neutral
15987	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	A man eats a sandwich.	contradiction
15988	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	The girls are wearing uniforms.	neutral
15989	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four schoolgirls wait for their bus to take them to the library.	neutral
15990	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four kids with bookbags stand near a street.	entailment
15991	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four kids run through a corn maze.	contradiction
15992	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four girls stand on the corner with bookbags.	entailment
15993	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	twelve girls stand on a corner	contradiction
15994	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	Four African girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	contradiction
15995	The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.	young schoolgirls walk home from school	neutral
15996	Asian women standing near a pole.	The woman is laying down.	contradiction
15997	Asian women standing near a pole.	A person is standing.	entailment
15998	Asian women standing near a pole.	The woman is tired.	neutral
15999	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	a group poses for a photo	neutral
16000	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	Some people hold different colored umbrellas.	entailment
16001	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	Several people gather at the top of the stairs, one holding a blue and yellow umbrella.	entailment
16002	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A crowd prepares to descend a staircase in the rain.	neutral
16003	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	One person wields an umbrella.	entailment
16004	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A seal has attacked a penguin.	contradiction
16005	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	The group are inside an airplane.	contradiction
16006	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A group of co-workers wait at the top of the stairs, all huddled under one person's umbrella.	neutral
16007	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A bunch of people, one of which has an umbrella, stand near some stairs.	entailment
16008	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A single person goes up an escalator.	contradiction
16009	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	some people hold umbrellas at the top of some stairs	entailment
16010	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	A single person wearing only a poncho stands at the bottom of the staircase.	contradiction
16011	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	two dogs look at umbrellas	contradiction
16012	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	Some people are expecting rain.	neutral
16013	A group of people, one holding a yellow and blue umbrella, are standing at the top of some stairs.	There are women in the group.	neutral
16014	People crossing a city street.	People cross a busy street.	neutral
16015	People crossing a city street.	People walk on the beach.	contradiction
16016	People crossing a city street.	People cross the street.	entailment
16017	Two construction workers standing on scaffolding.	Two constructions workers are building an apartment complex.	neutral
16018	Two construction workers standing on scaffolding.	Two construction workers are next to each other.	entailment
16019	Two construction workers standing on scaffolding.	Two constructions workers are eating lunch on the ground.	contradiction
16020	Construction workers work on an unfinished building.	A team of workers attempting to install a new floor.	neutral
16021	Construction workers work on an unfinished building.	A man watching a sunset.	contradiction
16022	Construction workers work on an unfinished building.	Workers attempting to complete building constructions.	entailment
16023	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	The erection had large girth.	neutral
16024	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	The men are swimming in an ocean.	contradiction
16025	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	Three men are washing the windows of a building.	neutral
16026	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	Three humans are outside a building.	entailment
16027	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	three men lay on the beach	contradiction
16028	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	King Kong climbs up the building.	contradiction
16029	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	Three men outside are not on the ground.	entailment
16030	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	The men are eating pizza at pizza hut.	contradiction
16031	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	three men on a scaffold	entailment
16032	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	Three men are inside of a build sitting on the floor in an empty room.	contradiction
16033	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	three men are doing a dangerous job	neutral
16034	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	The men are above ground level.	entailment
16035	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	There are three men.	entailment
16036	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	The men stand on the scaffold next to the concrete building.	neutral
16037	Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.	Three men are on a scaffold doing masonry work on a building that is being remodeled.	neutral
16038	Three men are working on scaffolding on the side of a building.	A man cleans windows on a tall building.	contradiction
16039	Three men are working on scaffolding on the side of a building.	Three construction workers install scaffolding on a building.	entailment
16040	Three men are working on scaffolding on the side of a building.	Construction workers build a skyscraper.	neutral
16041	Three construction workers are working on a scaffolding.	Three workers are on a tractor	contradiction
16042	Three construction workers are working on a scaffolding.	Three workers are on a scaffolding	entailment
16043	Three construction workers are working on a scaffolding.	Three workers are on a scaffolding having lunch	neutral
16044	A woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground, arching her back in a dance position.	The women is about to sleep.	contradiction
16045	A woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground, arching her back in a dance position.	The women is posing.	entailment
16046	A woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground, arching her back in a dance position.	The women is about to dance	neutral
16047	Two short-haired children stand; one has an axe.	Two girls in pony tails are swimmimg.	contradiction
16048	Two short-haired children stand; one has an axe.	Two children have an axe.	entailment
16049	Two short-haired children stand; one has an axe.	Two short-haired children are standing around.	neutral
16050	A group of people stand on wet stairs with two trees behind them.	A group of people are standing on the stairs.	entailment
16051	A group of people stand on wet stairs with two trees behind them.	A group of people are sitting in a church.	contradiction
16052	A group of people stand on wet stairs with two trees behind them.	A group of people are standing outside in the rain.	neutral
16053	Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax.	Two boys are marching in a parade.	contradiction
16054	Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax.	Two boys are posing with an ax.	entailment
16055	Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax.	Two boys getting ready to chop a tree down.	neutral
16056	Two boys are outside with an ax in a forested environment.	Two kids are gathering firewood in a forest.	neutral
16057	Two boys are outside with an ax in a forested environment.	Boys near some trees with an ax.	entailment
16058	Two boys are outside with an ax in a forested environment.	Two kids are setting fire to their school.	contradiction
16059	Boys play soccer near a goal post.	Soccer is being played by boys.	entailment
16060	Boys play soccer near a goal post.	The boys are playing tennis.	contradiction
16061	Boys play soccer near a goal post.	There was a goal scored during the game of soccer.	neutral
16062	A soccer player prepares for a corner kick.	The soccer player kicks the ball.	neutral
16063	A soccer player prepares for a corner kick.	The soccer player is sitting out this game.	contradiction
16064	A soccer player prepares for a corner kick.	The soccer player is playing soccer.	entailment
16065	A trumpet player wearing a blue shirt and red tie performs.	A man sings.	contradiction
16066	A trumpet player wearing a blue shirt and red tie performs.	A man plays in a band.	neutral
16067	A trumpet player wearing a blue shirt and red tie performs.	A man plays trumpet.	entailment
16068	A young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone.	A young man is performing for his friends.	neutral
16069	A young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone.	The young man is using a drill.	contradiction
16070	A young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone.	A man is playing an instrument.	entailment
16071	A soccer referee is holding a yellow flag.	A group of girls plays basketball.	contradiction
16072	A soccer referee is holding a yellow flag.	Soccer players await the referee's decision.	neutral
16073	A soccer referee is holding a yellow flag.	A referee holds a flag.	entailment
16074	A man in a blue shirt blowing a trumpet.	A man in a pink shirt riding his bike.	contradiction
16075	A man in a blue shirt blowing a trumpet.	An old man playing his instrument in band.	neutral
16076	A man in a blue shirt blowing a trumpet.	A person playing an instrument.	entailment
16077	The two man is playing the softball.	Men are playing softball.	entailment
16078	The two man is playing the softball.	Men playing softball in the park.	neutral
16079	The two man is playing the softball.	Men working in the street on a grill.	contradiction
16080	A man carving an eagle out of a tree stump with a chainsaw.	A woman hauls a tree stump.	contradiction
16081	A man carving an eagle out of a tree stump with a chainsaw.	A man does his first chainsaw art.	neutral
16082	A man carving an eagle out of a tree stump with a chainsaw.	A man does chainsaw art.	entailment
16083	A man is carving a large eagle out of wood in a public setting.	The man is in the marathon.	contradiction
16084	A man is carving a large eagle out of wood in a public setting.	The man is carving a piece of art outside.	entailment
16085	Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.	A group of men standing near a red curtain	neutral
16086	Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.	A workman hanging drapes	contradiction
16087	Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.	Five men lined up outside a red curtain	entailment
16088	A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood.	A person making a craft.	neutral
16089	A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood.	A man using a knife to chop down a tree.	contradiction
16090	A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood.	An artisan crafting a statue.	entailment
16091	A man with a chainsaw is carving a bird out of wood.	A man is carving a dog out of ice.	contradiction
16092	A man with a chainsaw is carving a bird out of wood.	A man is creating art.	entailment
16093	A man with a chainsaw is carving a bird out of wood.	A man is creating art for a party.	neutral
16094	Three children sitting at desks.	Three children are sliding down a slide.	contradiction
16095	Three children sitting at desks.	Three children are sitting in a classroom.	neutral
16096	Three children sitting at desks.	Three children are seated.	entailment
16097	three men in a baseball field.	Three men are standing in the grass.	entailment
16098	three men in a baseball field.	The men are waiting for a ball to catch.	neutral
16099	three men in a baseball field.	Three men are sitting in the bleachers, eating popcorn.	contradiction
16100	A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street.	A couple are sitting together outside.	neutral
16101	A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street.	Two people are sitting outside and one has a hat on.	entailment
16102	A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street.	There is an empty corn field.	contradiction
16103	A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat.	The man is naked.	contradiction
16104	A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat.	The people are outdoor.	neutral
16105	A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat.	The man is wearing clothes.	entailment
16106	A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink.	A man and a women sitting at a resturant and eating while the man drinks.	neutral
16107	A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink.	A man and a women sitting on the floor sharing a drink together indoors.	entailment
16108	A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink.	A man and a women running across the floor of their home.	contradiction
16109	Ten people are sitting around a table playing a card game, a few are drinking beer.	Some people are playing a card game.	entailment
16110	Ten people are sitting around a table playing a card game, a few are drinking beer.	Some friends are having their annual poker night.	neutral
16111	Ten people are sitting around a table playing a card game, a few are drinking beer.	A group of people watch a play.	contradiction
16112	Man climbing working stairs of a house.	He is going up the stairs.	entailment
16113	Man climbing working stairs of a house.	He is taking the stairs to the bathroom on the second floor.	neutral
16114	Man climbing working stairs of a house.	He took the elevator.	contradiction
16115	A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby.	A woman is blowing bubbles.	entailment
16116	A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby.	A girl is inside on a couch.	contradiction
16117	A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby.	A girl in a dress likes watching bubbles.	neutral
16118	A woman is on the steps of a church.	the woman is in a strip club.	contradiction
16119	A woman is on the steps of a church.	The church is baptist	neutral
16120	A woman is on the steps of a church.	The church is behind her	entailment
16121	A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her.	The woman is alone.	contradiction
16122	A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her.	They are outside.	neutral
16123	A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her.	The woman is blowing air out of her mouth.	entailment
16124	A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her	A child trying to catch bubbles in his mouth.	neutral
16125	A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her	An old man blowing bubbles to his dog.	contradiction
16126	A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her	A child trying to catch bubbles being blown.	entailment
16127	One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.	the lady is on the couch watching tv	contradiction
16128	One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.	the lady is outdoors	entailment
16129	One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.	the lady is next to a bank	neutral
16130	Plastic cup by his side, a portly bearded man wearing black shorts, black fedora, and plum-colored short-sleeved polo, rests on a portable folding chair on a grassy slope, reading a magazine and sporting earbuds.	A man is drinking a beverage.	neutral
16131	Plastic cup by his side, a portly bearded man wearing black shorts, black fedora, and plum-colored short-sleeved polo, rests on a portable folding chair on a grassy slope, reading a magazine and sporting earbuds.	A man is indoors watching TV.	contradiction
16132	Plastic cup by his side, a portly bearded man wearing black shorts, black fedora, and plum-colored short-sleeved polo, rests on a portable folding chair on a grassy slope, reading a magazine and sporting earbuds.	A man is listening to music.	entailment
16133	Man in hat and headphones on red camp chair reading.	A man is sitting.	entailment
16134	Man in hat and headphones on red camp chair reading.	A man is washing dishes at the kitchen sink.	contradiction
16135	Man in hat and headphones on red camp chair reading.	The man is listening to music.	neutral
16136	A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers.	the people are relaxing at home	contradiction
16137	A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers.	a group of people hold a frisbee	entailment
16138	A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers.	the group is a competitive frisbee team	neutral
16139	A crowd of people are jumping off the pavement.	A crowd of people leap into the air.	entailment
16140	A crowd of people are jumping off the pavement.	A group of people jump into the street.	neutral
16141	A crowd of people are jumping off the pavement.	A group of people play basketball.	contradiction
16142	A person fixes their scarf in front of other people who have blankets set down in the city square.	A person is fixing their scarf because she is about to sit down to have a picnic.	neutral
16143	A person fixes their scarf in front of other people who have blankets set down in the city square.	A person is fixing a other persons tie to make it straight.	contradiction
16144	A person fixes their scarf in front of other people who have blankets set down in the city square.	A human is making sure attire worn is fixed.	entailment
16145	A professional baseball player just finished throwing the baseball.	The baseball player is getting ready to throw the baseball.	contradiction
16146	A professional baseball player just finished throwing the baseball.	The baseball player is a professional.	entailment
16147	A professional baseball player just finished throwing the baseball.	The baseball player is a female.	neutral
16148	A man wearing a helmet is standing in front of a machine.	A man is wearing a helmet.	entailment
16149	A man wearing a helmet is standing in front of a machine.	A man is sitting in front of a machine.	contradiction
16150	A man wearing a helmet is standing in front of a machine.	A man is standing in front of a computer.	neutral
16151	A bicyclist attempting to pay for a transportation ticket at a kiosk.	A person is buying a ticket from the young lady.	neutral
16152	A bicyclist attempting to pay for a transportation ticket at a kiosk.	A bicyclist is walking home rather than getting a transportation ticket.	contradiction
16153	A bicyclist attempting to pay for a transportation ticket at a kiosk.	A person is paying for transportation.	entailment
16154	Two boys near a goat in a petting zoo.	Two boys are petting a goat.	entailment
16155	Two boys near a goat in a petting zoo.	Two boys are scared to go near a goat at the petting zoo.	contradiction
16156	Two boys near a goat in a petting zoo.	The boys are enjoying the petting zoo.	neutral
16157	An open park housing refugees.	The park houses refugees.	entailment
16158	An open park housing refugees.	The park is closed.	contradiction
16159	An open park housing refugees.	The park houses war refugees.	neutral
16160	People are strolling around a market.	people are walking around a market	entailment
16161	People are strolling around a market.	the people are robbing the market	contradiction
16162	People are strolling around a market.	the people are buying food	neutral
16163	A goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen.	A goat is looking at it's owners, awaiting food.	neutral
16164	A goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen.	A goat and a pig are waiting to be slaughtered.	contradiction
16165	A goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen.	A goat and two boys are all outside.	entailment
16166	Two very young children stand on the opposite side of the fence from a black and white goat.	Two children are standing near an animal.	entailment
16167	Two very young children stand on the opposite side of the fence from a black and white goat.	Two elderly men are looking at a purple goat.	contradiction
16168	Two very young children stand on the opposite side of the fence from a black and white goat.	Little kids are looking at a barnyard goat.	neutral
16169	Several people are camping out on blankets along a yellow-fenced in area.	They are waiting for an event to start.	neutral
16170	Several people are camping out on blankets along a yellow-fenced in area.	People are driving their cars.	contradiction
16171	Several people are camping out on blankets along a yellow-fenced in area.	People are camping.	entailment
16172	A woman in a diagonal black and white striped skirt carries her bags toward a building with people sitting and leaning against the steps and railing.	A woman is going to work.	neutral
16173	A woman in a diagonal black and white striped skirt carries her bags toward a building with people sitting and leaning against the steps and railing.	A woman is walking towards a building.	entailment
16174	A woman in a diagonal black and white striped skirt carries her bags toward a building with people sitting and leaning against the steps and railing.	A woman got run over by a car.	contradiction
16175	A view of a woman wearing a striped skirt and jacket facing away standing in front of a colonnaded building.	The woman was watching tv	contradiction
16176	A view of a woman wearing a striped skirt and jacket facing away standing in front of a colonnaded building.	The woman was in the way	neutral
16177	A view of a woman wearing a striped skirt and jacket facing away standing in front of a colonnaded building.	A view of a woman wearing a striped skirt and jacket facing away standing in front of a colonnaded building	entailment
16178	A woman watching some people standing and sitting between two marble pillars, in front of a doorway.	A female is near some other people.	entailment
16179	A woman watching some people standing and sitting between two marble pillars, in front of a doorway.	The group of people are walking at the beach.	contradiction
16180	A woman watching some people standing and sitting between two marble pillars, in front of a doorway.	A school teacher is looking over some of her students.	neutral
16181	Five men standing on a stage with a reddish colored curtain as a backdrop.	Five men stand on stage.	entailment
16182	Five men standing on a stage with a reddish colored curtain as a backdrop.	Five men stand on a boat.	contradiction
16183	Five men standing on a stage with a reddish colored curtain as a backdrop.	Five men stand on stage about to perform.	neutral
16184	A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water.	A girl climbs a wall.	entailment
16185	A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water.	A girl is swimming in the water.	contradiction
16186	A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water.	A girl is at a water park.	neutral
16187	A woman climbs up a floating object on the water.	A woman is in a pool.	neutral
16188	A woman climbs up a floating object on the water.	A woman is on a road.	contradiction
16189	A woman climbs up a floating object on the water.	A woman is on the water.	entailment
16190	Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water.	Two sisters are spending time in antarctica.	neutral
16191	Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water.	A crowd is watching a show in the desert.	contradiction
16192	Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water.	Two kids are near each other.	entailment
16193	Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake.	GIRLS  CLIMB A WALL IN A LAKE	neutral
16194	Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake.	GIRLS PLAY IN THE FOOTBALL GROUND	contradiction
16195	Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake.	GIRLS CLIMBING ON AN ARTIFICIAL WALL IN THE LAKE	entailment
16196	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A team is playing	contradiction
16197	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A group of girl players are forumating a strategy.	neutral
16198	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	The basketball team of 8 girls are grouped together.	entailment
16199	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	The girls are preparing to to play golf.	contradiction
16200	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	The basketball team of 8 girls are african american.	neutral
16201	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	The basketball team of 8 girls are scattered about.	contradiction
16202	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	There is an all female basketball team.	entailment
16203	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A basketball team coach encourages girls to play their best.	neutral
16204	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A girls basketball team huddling.	entailment
16205	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A boy watches basketball on his TV.	contradiction
16206	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	There is an all male baseball team.	contradiction
16207	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A basketball team is doing a huddle	neutral
16208	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	A team is in a huddle	entailment
16209	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	There is an all female basketball team going to state championships.	neutral
16210	A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle.	An all girls basketball team gets ready to start a game.	entailment
16211	People climb on a structure near water.	People are using their legs.	entailment
16212	People climb on a structure near water.	People are sitting around drinking beer.	contradiction
16213	People climb on a structure near water.	People are trying to rescue a cat that is too scared to move.	neutral
16214	A baby is sitting on a floor and holding a vacuum cleaner hose.	A baby is holding a long black hose	neutral
16215	A baby is sitting on a floor and holding a vacuum cleaner hose.	The baby sits on the floor	entailment
16216	A baby is sitting on a floor and holding a vacuum cleaner hose.	The baby naps in the crib	contradiction
16217	A gray dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.	A dog is sick.	neutral
16218	A gray dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.	A cat chasing a butterfly in the grass.	contradiction
16219	A gray dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.	A panting dog walking in the grass.	entailment
16220	A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out.	A brown dog walks in grass.	entailment
16221	A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out.	A brown dog is licking the grass.	neutral
16222	A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out.	A brown dog is speaking german.	contradiction
16223	a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out	the mice are eating cheese	contradiction
16224	a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out	the dog is outdoors	neutral
16225	a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out	the dog is jogging	entailment
16226	A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day.	A black dog is rolling in snow.	contradiction
16227	A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day.	A brown dog is thirsty in the heat.	neutral
16228	A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day.	A brown dog is panting on a sunny day.	entailment
16229	A dog running with tongue hanging out.	The dog is fat.	neutral
16230	A dog running with tongue hanging out.	There is a dog.	entailment
16231	A dog running with tongue hanging out.	The dog is sleeping.	contradiction
16232	A messy haired girl in a club.	A messy haired girl in a club.	entailment
16233	A messy haired girl in a club.	A bald headed girl in a market.	contradiction
16234	A messy haired girl in a club.	A girl is looking for a date in a club.	neutral
16235	A man is carrying a red accordion on his back.	The man dropped his instrument.	contradiction
16236	A man is carrying a red accordion on his back.	The man is holding an object on his back.	entailment
16237	A man is carrying a red accordion on his back.	The musician is on his way to a performance.	neutral
16238	Brown-haired woman turning head fast making hair whip around.	Brown-haired woman whips her hair around.	entailment
16239	Brown-haired woman turning head fast making hair whip around.	Brown-haired woman tuning her head and some hair goes around.	neutral
16240	Brown-haired woman turning head fast making hair whip around.	Brown-haired woman sleeps in on saturday.	contradiction
16241	a woman with long brown hair walking through a crowd.	The woman is having trouble moving through the crowd.	neutral
16242	a woman with long brown hair walking through a crowd.	The woman has brown hair.	entailment
16243	a woman with long brown hair walking through a crowd.	The woman is sitting in a chair.	contradiction
16244	A person with brown hair stands in a group.	The brown haired woman sits alone in the classroom.	contradiction
16245	A person with brown hair stands in a group.	The brown haired person prepares to lead the group.	neutral
16246	A person with brown hair stands in a group.	The person stands with others.	entailment
16247	A young lady turning away from camera.	A camera is turned on.	neutral
16248	A young lady turning away from camera.	A young lady looks right at a camera.	contradiction
16249	A young lady turning away from camera.	A person has a camera.	entailment
16250	A dog trying to catch a tennis ball.	The dog is a beagle.	neutral
16251	A dog trying to catch a tennis ball.	The dog in the picture is asleep.	contradiction
16252	A dog trying to catch a tennis ball.	There is at least one animal here that isn't a cat.	entailment
16253	Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd.	A crowd is not happy.	neutral
16254	Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd.	The race car is Nike branded.	contradiction
16255	Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd.	A race car is present.	entailment
16256	A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand.	A dog plays on the beach.	neutral
16257	A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand.	A cat dances.	contradiction
16258	A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand.	A dog runs.	entailment
16259	A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air.	The man threw the ball for the dog.	neutral
16260	A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air.	There is an animal on the beach.	entailment
16261	A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air.	The puppy is in the bathtub.	contradiction
16262	A broken down car during a race	There is a car that is broken down outdoors	neutral
16263	A broken down car during a race	There is a car that is broken down	entailment
16264	A broken down car during a race	There is a car that is driving	contradiction
16265	a golden dog tries to catch a ball	A dog is playing catch.	entailment
16266	a golden dog tries to catch a ball	A dog is playing in a park	neutral
16267	a golden dog tries to catch a ball	A dog is taking a bath!	contradiction
16268	One firefighter is smiling at another firefighter.	There are two firefighters.	entailment
16269	One firefighter is smiling at another firefighter.	The firefighters are gay lovers.	neutral
16270	One firefighter is smiling at another firefighter.	The firefighters are mad at each other.	contradiction
16271	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	The two individuals just got done working and they were passing by some old friends	neutral
16272	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Two individuals in white hard hats wear portable tanks.	neutral
16273	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	No one is wearing hats.	contradiction
16274	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	The hard hats are yellow.	neutral
16275	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
16276	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	The tanks was full of air	contradiction
16277	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Two individuals wearing hard hats walk behind another person wearing similar attire.	entailment
16278	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Two individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks.	entailment
16279	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	They are all coworkers.	neutral
16280	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	There is only one man present.	contradiction
16281	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	The two individuals in hard hats wore portable tanks as they walk beind someone with similar attire	entailment
16282	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Two individuals are in the foreground.	entailment
16283	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Two individuals in soft hats wear portable tanks.	contradiction
16284	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	Three people walk around in chicken costumes.	contradiction
16285	Two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.	The three people all work together.	neutral
16286	People eating food bought from an outside food vendor as a seagull flies close by.	the birds are trying to get the food	neutral
16287	People eating food bought from an outside food vendor as a seagull flies close by.	people are outside	entailment
16288	People eating food bought from an outside food vendor as a seagull flies close by.	the people sat in the kitchen eating cookies	contradiction
16289	A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.	A man in shorts eating a pizza.	contradiction
16290	A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.	A person eating a hotdog in a mall food court.	neutral
16291	A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.	A person eating some food.	entailment
16292	A couple eating a hotdog from a street vendor.	A couple grilling a hamburger	contradiction
16293	A couple eating a hotdog from a street vendor.	A couple having a meal.	entailment
16294	A couple eating a hotdog from a street vendor.	A couple eating at the baseball game.	neutral
16295	A man an women in front of a food cart.	The people are near a truck selling food.	neutral
16296	A man an women in front of a food cart.	The woman and man are at a cafe.	contradiction
16297	A man an women in front of a food cart.	The couple are getting food on the sidewalk van.	entailment
16298	A dog half way in a hole in the ground.	The dog dug a hole.	neutral
16299	A dog half way in a hole in the ground.	There is a dog outside.	entailment
16300	A dog half way in a hole in the ground.	The dog has a bone.	contradiction
16301	A woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day.	A woman is sitting on a summer day.	entailment
16302	A woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day.	A woman is standing near a fence.	contradiction
16303	A woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day.	She is enjoying the beautiful summer day.	neutral
16304	A woman straddling a wall, while reading a book.	A woman it sitting on a wall.	entailment
16305	A woman straddling a wall, while reading a book.	The wall is falling onto the sidewalk.	contradiction
16306	A woman straddling a wall, while reading a book.	The woman takes a break from building a wall.	neutral
16307	A woman with shoulder-length brown hair is straddling a ledge.	The woman has blonde hair.	contradiction
16308	A woman with shoulder-length brown hair is straddling a ledge.	The woman is old.	neutral
16309	A woman with shoulder-length brown hair is straddling a ledge.	A woman has brown hair.	entailment
16310	A blond dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air.	The dog is brownb	contradiction
16311	A blond dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air.	A dog is digging	entailment
16312	A blond dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air.	The dog is happy	neutral
16313	Older man pulling on rope.	A young woman pulling a wagon.	contradiction
16314	Older man pulling on rope.	A man pulling on a rope.	entailment
16315	Older man pulling on rope.	A man pulling on a rope attached to a bell.	neutral
16316	A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.	A dog burying a bone.	neutral
16317	A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.	A dog running through a field.	contradiction
16318	A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.	A dog digging a hole.	entailment
16319	A woman is straddling a wall.	A lady laying on the bed.	contradiction
16320	A woman is straddling a wall.	A lady is quietly mounting a wall.	neutral
16321	A woman is straddling a wall.	A lady is mouting a wall.	entailment
16322	A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.	A dog tries to catch a frisbee.	neutral
16323	A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.	There is a dog and a frisbee.	entailment
16324	A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.	A frisbee sits on the ground alone.	contradiction
16325	The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee.	A dog is chasing a frisbee	entailment
16326	The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee.	A dog is jumping through the air	neutral
16327	The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee.	A cat is playing with a ball of yarn	contradiction
16328	Older man with glasses talking on the phone.	The man is talking quietly.	neutral
16329	Older man with glasses talking on the phone.	The man is young.	contradiction
16330	Older man with glasses talking on the phone.	The man wears glasses.	entailment
16331	a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object.	A white dog running	neutral
16332	a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object.	A white dog swimming in a pool	contradiction
16333	a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object.	A white dog chasing as ball	neutral
16334	An employee uses a computer on the job.	The employee is the IT manager.	neutral
16335	An employee uses a computer on the job.	An employee is working.	entailment
16336	An employee uses a computer on the job.	The employee skipped work to go surfing.	contradiction
16337	A man is loading a washing machine.	A man loads laundry.	entailment
16338	A man is loading a washing machine.	A man washes his work clothes.	neutral
16339	A man is loading a washing machine.	A woman does laundry.	contradiction
16340	A laboratory worker making a phone call.	A woman is doing lab experiments with a telephone	contradiction
16341	A laboratory worker making a phone call.	A worker is calling his boss on the phone	neutral
16342	A laboratory worker making a phone call.	A worker makes a phone call	entailment
16343	A woman employee at a best buy seems to be using the computer.	a woman is looking up inventory	neutral
16344	A woman employee at a best buy seems to be using the computer.	a woman works at best buy	entailment
16345	A woman employee at a best buy seems to be using the computer.	a woman works at mcdonalds	contradiction
16346	A man is standing in front of an open laundry machine and it looks like someone is explaining to him how the laundry machine works.	A human standing	entailment
16347	A man is standing in front of an open laundry machine and it looks like someone is explaining to him how the laundry machine works.	Nobody is standing	contradiction
16348	A man is standing in front of an open laundry machine and it looks like someone is explaining to him how the laundry machine works.	A tall human standing	neutral
16349	The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer.	Two people are trying to look at a washer	entailment
16350	The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer.	The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer because he is mad at him.	neutral
16351	The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer.	The man in the blue shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the center of the Earth.	contradiction
16352	A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball, whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline.	Nobody has a baseball bat.	contradiction
16353	A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball, whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline.	Someone is trying to hit a tennis ball.	neutral
16354	A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball, whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline.	Someone is swinging a bat.	entailment
16355	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The female batter is pitching to the practice player.	contradiction
16356	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	she is playing baseball	neutral
16357	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The female batter misses a white ball.	contradiction
16358	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The ball is yellow.	entailment
16359	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The batter hit the ball really hard.	contradiction
16360	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The practice player is the female batter teammate.	neutral
16361	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	It is summer time.	neutral
16362	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	the female is a man	contradiction
16363	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The player behind her is male.	neutral
16364	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The batter missed a yellow ball.	entailment
16365	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	There is someone practicing behind the female batter.	entailment
16366	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The female batter hit the yellow ball.	contradiction
16367	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	the female has a vagina	entailment
16368	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The batter who missed the ball was female.	entailment
16369	A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.	The female batter is caucasian.	neutral
16370	A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base.	a softball player records a hit in a game	neutral
16371	A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base.	a softball player strikes out	contradiction
16372	A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base.	a softball player runs to first base	entailment
16373	A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.	A girl swings at a softball.	entailment
16374	A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.	A boy swings at a baseball.	contradiction
16375	A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.	A girl swings at a softball during practice.	neutral
16376	A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat.	A player swings a bat at a ball.	neutral
16377	A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat.	A baseball player swings with a bat.	entailment
16378	A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat.	A football player doesn't swing anything.	contradiction
16379	A man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting.	Man washing clothes.	entailment
16380	A man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting.	Washing clothes on a camping trip.	neutral
16381	A man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting.	Man sliding into home.	contradiction
16382	A worker wearing gloves is bending over and working.	The worker is working.	entailment
16383	A worker wearing gloves is bending over and working.	The worker is at home drinking a beer.	contradiction
16384	A worker wearing gloves is bending over and working.	The worker is sweating nonstop.	neutral
16385	A man is bent over with his gloved hands in some kind of liquid.	The man's hands are bare.	contradiction
16386	A man is bent over with his gloved hands in some kind of liquid.	The gloves keep his hands from getting wet.	neutral
16387	A man is bent over with his gloved hands in some kind of liquid.	The man is not standing up.	entailment
16388	Two women and one man performing a science experiment.	There is a man with the two women.	entailment
16389	Two women and one man performing a science experiment.	Two women and one man are researching a cure for cancer.	neutral
16390	Two women and one man performing a science experiment.	Two women and one man are playing miniature golf.	contradiction
16391	Two women, one wearing a blue shirt and glasses and the other wearing a ball cap and black shirt, are in a laboratory setting with a bearded man.	A woman in a lab coat is drawing blood from a patient.	contradiction
16392	Two women, one wearing a blue shirt and glasses and the other wearing a ball cap and black shirt, are in a laboratory setting with a bearded man.	The women and men are doing research.	neutral
16393	Two women, one wearing a blue shirt and glasses and the other wearing a ball cap and black shirt, are in a laboratory setting with a bearded man.	Two women and a man are in a laboratory.	entailment
16394	A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids	A group of young high school or college students are joyously smiling	neutral
16395	A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids	A group of young high school or college students are smiling	entailment
16396	A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids	A group of young high school or college students are not smiling	contradiction
16397	Some friends, possibly lab partners, are performing an experiment in a chemistry class using beakers.	The friends are having fun in gym class.	contradiction
16398	Some friends, possibly lab partners, are performing an experiment in a chemistry class using beakers.	The friends want to be chemists.	neutral
16399	Some friends, possibly lab partners, are performing an experiment in a chemistry class using beakers.	The friends are touching the glass beakers.	entailment
16400	Two women and a man smile as they work together with some chemical equipment.	Checmical equipment is being used by two women and a man.	entailment
16401	Two women and a man smile as they work together with some chemical equipment.	The people are working in a facility.	neutral
16402	Two women and a man smile as they work together with some chemical equipment.	The people are working together with machinery equipment.	contradiction
16403	One man wearing a hat on top of a roof doing construction work.	He is working for wages	neutral
16404	One man wearing a hat on top of a roof doing construction work.	A man is doing construction	entailment
16405	One man wearing a hat on top of a roof doing construction work.	A woman is drinking tea	contradiction
16406	A man sitting upon a roof is using a tool.	Nobody is using a tool.	contradiction
16407	A man sitting upon a roof is using a tool.	A huge person using a tool	neutral
16408	A man sitting upon a roof is using a tool.	A person using a tool	entailment
16409	A man is working on an unfinished roof.	Worker fixes neighbors roof.	neutral
16410	A man is working on an unfinished roof.	Worker fixes roof.	entailment
16411	A man is working on an unfinished roof.	Worker eating lunch.	contradiction
16412	A man is sitting on the roof.	A person is taking a break after working on fixing his house.	neutral
16413	A man is sitting on the roof.	A person is outside.	entailment
16414	A man is sitting on the roof.	A man is sitting on the porch.	contradiction
16415	A young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall.	The woman is having a break.	entailment
16416	A young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall.	The woman is happy.	neutral
16417	A young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
16418	Tall man in brown baseball cap, clutching blue and red ice coolers, with a Target store shopping bag sitting on top.	a man wears a cap	entailment
16419	Tall man in brown baseball cap, clutching blue and red ice coolers, with a Target store shopping bag sitting on top.	a man is buying baseball stuff	neutral
16420	Tall man in brown baseball cap, clutching blue and red ice coolers, with a Target store shopping bag sitting on top.	a man is taking a photo of a shark while deep sea diving	contradiction
16421	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake.	He is having fun	neutral
16422	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake.	A person is on the lake	entailment
16423	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake.	A person is eating dinner	contradiction
16424	A large yellow sign on the side of a building.	There is a large sign on the outside of the restaurant.	neutral
16425	A large yellow sign on the side of a building.	The building has a sign.	entailment
16426	A large yellow sign on the side of a building.	There's a sign in the grassy field.	contradiction
16427	The Amsterdam tourist information office and people walking by.	girl in chair alone	contradiction
16428	The Amsterdam tourist information office and people walking by.	people on vacation	neutral
16429	The Amsterdam tourist information office and people walking by.	people walking by	entailment
16430	People walk outside of an Amsterdam tourist center on a sunny day.	People are walking around in a circle.	neutral
16431	People walk outside of an Amsterdam tourist center on a sunny day.	People are outdoors walking.	entailment
16432	People walk outside of an Amsterdam tourist center on a sunny day.	People are sitting down outside the tourist center.	contradiction
16433	A building with a large sign which reads, "Pain is Temporary, Quitting Lasts Forever".	The words are painted in red.	neutral
16434	A building with a large sign which reads, "Pain is Temporary, Quitting Lasts Forever".	A building has an inspirational sign on it.	entailment
16435	A building with a large sign which reads, "Pain is Temporary, Quitting Lasts Forever".	The building is painted solid with no decoration.	contradiction
16436	People are walking in front of a tourist information building displaying the following on its facade: pain is temporary, quitting lasts forever.	An anti-smoking add is on the side of a building.	neutral
16437	People are walking in front of a tourist information building displaying the following on its facade: pain is temporary, quitting lasts forever.	A group of people are walking outside.	entailment
16438	People are walking in front of a tourist information building displaying the following on its facade: pain is temporary, quitting lasts forever.	A group of people sitting in a stadium watching a baseball game.	contradiction
16439	A group of six children with one instructor pointing which way to paddle while white river rafting in a raft.	A teacher is showing a group of kids how to use a raft.	entailment
16440	A group of six children with one instructor pointing which way to paddle while white river rafting in a raft.	A man is teaching a small group of adults about raft safety.	contradiction
16441	A group of six children with one instructor pointing which way to paddle while white river rafting in a raft.	A man is showing a group of middle school children how to navigate with the raft.	neutral
16442	This depicts seven people on a raft with life jackets	There are seven people in this raft.	entailment
16443	This depicts seven people on a raft with life jackets	The seven people are drinking hot tea.	contradiction
16444	This depicts seven people on a raft with life jackets	The life jackets they are wearing are yellow.	neutral
16445	A group of 7 adults paddle while white water rafting.	The adults are practicing for the currents.	neutral
16446	A group of 7 adults paddle while white water rafting.	People are in a river.	entailment
16447	A group of 7 adults paddle while white water rafting.	Some children are rafting in a river.	contradiction
16448	Seven people are white water rafting.	The people are running an obstacle course on land.	contradiction
16449	Seven people are white water rafting.	Seven people are in the water rafting.	entailment
16450	Seven people are white water rafting.	These seven people all know each other.	neutral
16451	The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench.	The person is looking at his pictures	entailment
16452	The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench.	The teenager is enjoying sitting on the bench	neutral
16453	The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench.	The teenager is inside on the couch	contradiction
16454	A man surrounded by a group of people is looking at the moon through a telescope.	A man is surrounded by people while looking through a telescope	entailment
16455	A man surrounded by a group of people is looking at the moon through a telescope.	A man is surrounded by his family while looking through a telescope	neutral
16456	A man surrounded by a group of people is looking at the moon through a telescope.	A man is looking down at the street through a telescope	contradiction
16457	a group of men standing atop a submarine	The men are watching the clouds on top of a submarine.	neutral
16458	a group of men standing atop a submarine	The men are atop a submarine.	entailment
16459	a group of men standing atop a submarine	The men are dancing in the club.	contradiction
16460	A man wearing a plaid shirt uses a telescope to view the night sky.	An astronomer finds a new star in the sky.	neutral
16461	A man wearing a plaid shirt uses a telescope to view the night sky.	The sun shines down on a telescoper onlooker.	contradiction
16462	A man wearing a plaid shirt uses a telescope to view the night sky.	A man looks up at the stars through his telescope.	entailment
16463	An infant crying in a crib.	A baby is crying.	entailment
16464	An infant crying in a crib.	An infant is sleeping peacefully.	contradiction
16465	An infant crying in a crib.	A baby doesn't want to take a nap.	neutral
16466	A man looks at the night sky through a telescope.	A man closes his eyes at night.	contradiction
16467	A man looks at the night sky through a telescope.	A man is peering through a telescope.	entailment
16468	A man looks at the night sky through a telescope.	He can see many stars.	neutral
16469	Sixteen men in blue and green uniforms are standing on a submarine.	Many men in uniforms were standing on a submarine smiling.	neutral
16470	Sixteen men in blue and green uniforms are standing on a submarine.	Women on the submarine deck were smiling.	contradiction
16471	Sixteen men in blue and green uniforms are standing on a submarine.	Men in uniforms were on a submarine	entailment
16472	People standing on top of a old war submarine.	People standing on a structure	entailment
16473	People standing on top of a old war submarine.	People standing on top of a old war submarine in museum	neutral
16474	People standing on top of a old war submarine.	People are sleeping on a submarine	contradiction
16475	Group of businessmen sitting around a table with their laptops.	The men are sitting down	contradiction
16476	Group of businessmen sitting around a table with their laptops.	The men are around a table	neutral
16477	Group of businessmen sitting around a table with their laptops.	The men are sitting around	entailment
16478	There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide.	The little girl is on the blue slide.	contradiction
16479	There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide.	The red slides are the biggest.	neutral
16480	There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide.	There are children playing on the slide.	entailment
16481	The kid is playing hopscotch.	A kid is playing.	entailment
16482	The kid is playing hopscotch.	A kid is jumping rope.	contradiction
16483	The kid is playing hopscotch.	A kid is having fun.	neutral
16484	People wait for their luggage at an airport.	Men are waiting for their luggage.	neutral
16485	People wait for their luggage at an airport.	People are at a place where airplanes are.	entailment
16486	People wait for their luggage at an airport.	Dogs and cats are waiting for their luggage.	contradiction
16487	A child gets ready to slide down the slide.	A child is playing with a slide.	entailment
16488	A child gets ready to slide down the slide.	A child is watering the plants.	contradiction
16489	A child gets ready to slide down the slide.	A child sits on top of the slide.	neutral
16490	Travelers gather to await the arrival of their baggage in the claims department.	Travellers left without taking their baggage	contradiction
16491	Travelers gather to await the arrival of their baggage in the claims department.	Travellers were waiting to meet a person in claims department	neutral
16492	Travelers gather to await the arrival of their baggage in the claims department.	Travellers waiting to gather their luggage	entailment
16493	A woman in tight white jeans waits with a crowd at a baggage claim in an airport.	A woman is at the airport	entailment
16494	A woman in tight white jeans waits with a crowd at a baggage claim in an airport.	Her pants are blue	contradiction
16495	A woman in tight white jeans waits with a crowd at a baggage claim in an airport.	The woman is bored	neutral
16496	people waiting at a baggage claim terminal in an airport.	the bags are not arriving	contradiction
16497	people waiting at a baggage claim terminal in an airport.	people wait for their bags	entailment
16498	people waiting at a baggage claim terminal in an airport.	The bags are delayed	neutral
16499	Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel.	the travelers wait for their luggage at the airport	entailment
16500	Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel.	the travelers wait for their luggage at the airport on christmas	neutral
16501	Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel.	the travelers wait for pigs to fly	contradiction
16502	The child with the pitcher is draining the water out of the boat.	The sad child with the pitcher is draining the water out of the boat.	neutral
16503	The child with the pitcher is draining the water out of the boat.	The person with the pitcher is draining the water out of the boat.	entailment
16504	The child with the pitcher is draining the water out of the boat.	The child with the pitcher is draining the water out of the car.	contradiction
16505	A young boy pours water from a container while standing on a boat.	The boy is getting ready to boil some eggs.	neutral
16506	A young boy pours water from a container while standing on a boat.	The boy is on a boat.	entailment
16507	A young boy pours water from a container while standing on a boat.	The boy is pouring orange juice into a glass.	contradiction
16508	A boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water.	Two boats are tied together.	entailment
16509	A boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water.	The boy is jumping off of a boat.	contradiction
16510	A boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water.	The boy is dumping out dirty water.	neutral
16511	A little boy hugging his little brother.	The boys are smiling.	neutral
16512	A little boy hugging his little brother.	Two boys are hugging.	entailment
16513	A little boy hugging his little brother.	The boys are standing three feet apart.	contradiction
16514	People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.	A puppet show talks to people walking down the street.	neutral
16515	People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.	People walk past a puppet theater putting on a show.	entailment
16516	People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.	Puppets come to live and terrorize a US city.	contradiction
16517	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A boy tries to save his boat from sinking.	neutral
16518	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A little boy was holding a bucket.	neutral
16519	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A young male dumps trash.	contradiction
16520	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	The man is outdoors.	neutral
16521	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A man is in his boat.	entailment
16522	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A girl is steering the boat.	contradiction
16523	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A girl lies on the beach with a book.	contradiction
16524	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A person spills water on himself when dumping water out of his motorboat.	neutral
16525	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A young male dumps water.	entailment
16526	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	The man is cleaning out his motorboat.	entailment
16527	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	The man is sleeping inside his house.	contradiction
16528	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A person performs a function on his motorboat.	entailment
16529	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A boy bails water out of his boat.	entailment
16530	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A young male dumps a lot of water.	neutral
16531	A young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.	A person fills up his car with gas.	contradiction
16532	A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them.	The model is preparing to walk out in the designers new clothing line.	contradiction
16533	A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them.	a man an woman are sitting together.	entailment
16534	A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them.	A couple are enjoying a moment at their anniversary party.	neutral
16535	A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles.	Two people hugging on a couch.	entailment
16536	A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles.	Two people kissing in a chair.	contradiction
16537	A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles.	Two people are grieving.	neutral
16538	A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman.	There is a couple sitting	entailment
16539	A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman.	There is a couple standinig	contradiction
16540	A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman.	There is a couple sitting outdoors	neutral
16541	Several smiling and screaming kids are on an amusement park ride.	There are kids yelling at eachother outdoors	neutral
16542	Several smiling and screaming kids are on an amusement park ride.	There are kids yelling	entailment
16543	Several smiling and screaming kids are on an amusement park ride.	There are kids not talking	contradiction
16544	A man and woman pose on a couch.	A man and woman are getting naked on a couch.	contradiction
16545	A man and woman pose on a couch.	A man and woman on a couch.	entailment
16546	A man and woman pose on a couch.	A man and woman pose on their couch.	neutral
16547	Kids riding a ride in Astroland in Coney island	Kids are at an amusement park with their parents.	neutral
16548	Kids riding a ride in Astroland in Coney island	Kids are riding a ride.	entailment
16549	Kids riding a ride in Astroland in Coney island	Kids are waiting in line.	contradiction
16550	Children are enjoying a ride at a carnival.	There is children at the carnival.	entailment
16551	Children are enjoying a ride at a carnival.	The carnival has many rides that the kids love to go on.	neutral
16552	Children are enjoying a ride at a carnival.	The carnival is closed and no rides are operating.	contradiction
16553	Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk.	The scooters are parked side by side on the sidewalk.	entailment
16554	Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk.	The scooters are all parked in one area.	neutral
16555	Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk.	The scooters are scattered on the street.	contradiction
16556	Oriental people on small boats in water.	People are rowing boats on the river.	neutral
16557	Oriental people on small boats in water.	Asian people are swimming in the lake.	contradiction
16558	Oriental people on small boats in water.	A group of people are outside riding in boats.	entailment
16559	Looks like everyone is getting good gas mileage here with all these beautiful scooters!	Nothing is looking.	contradiction
16560	Looks like everyone is getting good gas mileage here with all these beautiful scooters!	Tall beings looking.	neutral
16561	Looks like everyone is getting good gas mileage here with all these beautiful scooters!	Some beings looking.	entailment
16562	A group of people rowing down a muddy river in large boats.	A group of people at a firing range.	contradiction
16563	A group of people rowing down a muddy river in large boats.	A group of friends racing boats.	neutral
16564	A group of people rowing down a muddy river in large boats.	People rowing down a river in boats.	entailment
16565	The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.	the brown dog is lying on its back cowering from the white dog	contradiction
16566	The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.	the brown dog is a chocolate lab	neutral
16567	The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.	the fat brown dog is standing over the white dog	entailment
16568	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	Motorcycles are outside.	entailment
16569	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	A motorcyclist party is about to start in China.	neutral
16570	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	The motorcycles are in Europe.	contradiction
16571	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are biker gangs throwing riots in the streets.	contradiction
16572	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	The motorcycles are in a busy city.	neutral
16573	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are people riding motorcycles in line.	neutral
16574	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are motorcycles in a line.	entailment
16575	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are a few motorcycles in Asia.	contradiction
16576	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are motorcycles in a line formation.	entailment
16577	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There is a large, multi-vehicle crash.	contradiction
16578	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	Asia likes motorcycles.	neutral
16579	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There is more than one motorcycle.	entailment
16580	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are motorcycles crashed into water.	contradiction
16581	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	There are many vehicles.	entailment
16582	A lot of motorcycles lined up in Asia.	The vehicles are parked.	neutral
16583	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two dogs are playing with a stick inside.	neutral
16584	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The pets are playing a game in the living room.	neutral
16585	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The dogs are sleeping on a bed.	contradiction
16586	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The dogs are inside.	entailment
16587	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	There are dogs inside on a carpet.	entailment
16588	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two dogs are taking a nap.	contradiction
16589	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two dogs are playing inside.	entailment
16590	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two dogs are playing fetch in the living room.	neutral
16591	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The dogs like each other.	neutral
16592	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The two dogs were playing with each other.	neutral
16593	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	One dog was blue and the other dog was black.	contradiction
16594	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two dogs are playing inside.	entailment
16595	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	The dogs are outside.	contradiction
16596	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	A couple of pets are having fun in the house.	entailment
16597	A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet.	Two cats are jumping on the grass.	contradiction
16598	A man painting a deck next to the water.	A man is painting his deck a brown color.	neutral
16599	A man painting a deck next to the water.	A man is having a party on his deck.	contradiction
16600	A man painting a deck next to the water.	A man is painting.	entailment
16601	A man is kneeling down and using a paintbrush.	A kneeling man is using a paintbrush to paint something.	entailment
16602	A man is kneeling down and using a paintbrush.	The man is cleaning and putting his paintbrushes away.	contradiction
16603	A man is kneeling down and using a paintbrush.	The color of paint currently on the paintbrush is ochre.	neutral
16604	A man squatting a using one arm to balance himself.	A man using his arm to shift weight around.	entailment
16605	A man squatting a using one arm to balance himself.	A man reaching out to prevent himself from falling over.	neutral
16606	A man squatting a using one arm to balance himself.	A man has his arms handcuffed.	contradiction
16607	A man using paint on a deck above a large body of water.	a man painting a dock over the ocean	neutral
16608	A man using paint on a deck above a large body of water.	a person painting	entailment
16609	A man using paint on a deck above a large body of water.	a man eating lunch	contradiction
16610	A man wearing a striped shirt is outside painting with a view of hills and water.	A man is wearing a shirt	entailment
16611	A man wearing a striped shirt is outside painting with a view of hills and water.	The shirt is a solid color	contradiction
16612	A man wearing a striped shirt is outside painting with a view of hills and water.	The man is fat	neutral
16613	Two children, one of which is being helped by an adult in a tank top to ride a bike.	Two children outside playing.	entailment
16614	Two children, one of which is being helped by an adult in a tank top to ride a bike.	A child learning to ride a bike with their friend and dad.	neutral
16615	Two children, one of which is being helped by an adult in a tank top to ride a bike.	Two children riding a horse down the street.	contradiction
16616	A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running.	A group of girls runs by in their swimsuits.	contradiction
16617	A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running.	The boys are running to the neighborhood pool.	neutral
16618	A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running.	A group of young children run in their swim attire.	entailment
16619	A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street.	Two elderly lovers crosses the street.	neutral
16620	A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street.	Two people cross the street.	entailment
16621	A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street.	A crowd of people listen to music at a concert.	contradiction
16622	A blond girl with orange and blue streaks on her face in a crowd.	A blonde is in the crowd.	entailment
16623	A blond girl with orange and blue streaks on her face in a crowd.	A woman is stuck in solitary confinement.	contradiction
16624	A blond girl with orange and blue streaks on her face in a crowd.	A woman wears her teams colors on her face.	neutral
16625	Young boys running along the pavement.	Young boys running.	entailment
16626	Young boys running along the pavement.	Young girls running along the pavement.	contradiction
16627	Young boys running along the pavement.	Boys running along the pavement.	neutral
16628	Two young boys in bathing suits walk	Two young boys dive off the diving board.	contradiction
16629	Two young boys in bathing suits walk	Two boys walk.	entailment
16630	Two young boys in bathing suits walk	Two young boys walk to the local pool.	neutral
16631	A woman with a white rag on her head is fishing.	A person fishing.	entailment
16632	A woman with a white rag on her head is fishing.	A woman wearing a white bandanna playing golf.	contradiction
16633	A woman with a white rag on her head is fishing.	A woman wearing a white bandanna fishing from a boat.	neutral
16634	A person wearing a white headband and brown shirt fishing with a wooden rod.	A person wearing white and brown fishing for trout.	neutral
16635	A person wearing a white headband and brown shirt fishing with a wooden rod.	A person wearing white and brown fishing.	entailment
16636	A person wearing a white headband and brown shirt fishing with a wooden rod.	A naked person fishing for trout.	contradiction
16637	A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole.	The man with the bandana is holding a fishing pole.	entailment
16638	A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole.	The man is holding a bamboo fishing pole and standing on the boat.	neutral
16639	A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole.	The man is holding a hockey stick while looking into the distance.	contradiction
16640	An elderly woman is squinting her eyes down a body of water while a fishing rod line has been cast in the water.	The woman is happy.	neutral
16641	An elderly woman is squinting her eyes down a body of water while a fishing rod line has been cast in the water.	The woman is skiing down a mountain.	contradiction
16642	An elderly woman is squinting her eyes down a body of water while a fishing rod line has been cast in the water.	The woman is elderly.	entailment
16643	A man with glasses is holding a crying infant.	The man holds a baby.	entailment
16644	A man with glasses is holding a crying infant.	The man is holding a puppy.	contradiction
16645	A man with glasses is holding a crying infant.	The father comforts his daughter.	neutral
16646	A father is holding a crying infant on his chest.	A father comforts a child after a fall.	neutral
16647	A father is holding a crying infant on his chest.	A father comforts a child.	entailment
16648	A father is holding a crying infant on his chest.	A father holding a sleeping infant.	contradiction
16649	A smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face.	A bald man is holding a baby.	neutral
16650	A smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face.	A man is standing alone.	contradiction
16651	A smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face.	A man is holding a young baby.	entailment
16652	A man with a beard and glasses is holding a crying baby to his face.	A woman having sex in the woods.	contradiction
16653	A man with a beard and glasses is holding a crying baby to his face.	A person with a child.	entailment
16654	A man with a beard and glasses is holding a crying baby to his face.	Trying to quiet the baby.	neutral
16655	Two wet boys in swim trunks run.	Two boys are at the swim park.	neutral
16656	Two wet boys in swim trunks run.	Two boys are running.	entailment
16657	Two wet boys in swim trunks run.	Two boys are eating dinner.	contradiction
16658	Dog running across sand.	A dog is sitting on a porch.	contradiction
16659	Dog running across sand.	A dog is running to his owner.	neutral
16660	Dog running across sand.	A dog is outdoors.	entailment
16661	A small white dog runs across the sand.	A dog is in the desert.	neutral
16662	A small white dog runs across the sand.	Some sand has a dog on it.	entailment
16663	A small white dog runs across the sand.	A dog is on pavement.	contradiction
16664	a small dog jumping along the sand	A small dog jumps on the sand.	entailment
16665	a small dog jumping along the sand	A dog digs holes in the sand.	contradiction
16666	a small dog jumping along the sand	A little dog is at the beach, jumping for the frisbee.	neutral
16667	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Two dogs run at a camera outside.	entailment
16668	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	The dog sees its owner.	neutral
16669	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Two pets are getting their bellies rubbed.	contradiction
16670	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A brown dog sits by his owner.	contradiction
16671	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Brown and white dog runs outside.	entailment
16672	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A cat runs towards a camera.	contradiction
16673	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	The dog is outdoors.	entailment
16674	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Brown and white dog sleeps on a bed.	contradiction
16675	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Different colored dogs are outside, running at a man with a camera.	neutral
16676	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A dog runs towards a camera held by its owner.	neutral
16677	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A brown dog runs toward a camera man.	neutral
16678	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A brown and white dog is running.	entailment
16679	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	Brown and white dog runs outside while it's picture is taken.	neutral
16680	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	A dog runs outside.	entailment
16681	Brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.	The dog is indoors.	contradiction
16682	A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow.	Ths shadow is of a dog	entailment
16683	A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow.	The shadow is large	neutral
16684	A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow.	The panda casts a large shadow	contradiction
16685	A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps.	The man is performing a trick for the judges.	neutral
16686	A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps.	The man makes an O with his skis.	contradiction
16687	A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps.	The man is skiing.	entailment
16688	A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall.	A man attaches a life vest to a boy while they are boating.	contradiction
16689	A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall.	Some people are rock climbing.	entailment
16690	A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall.	A man prepares a safety harness for a scared boy standing before a rock climbing wall.	neutral
16691	A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall.	A boy swimming in the lake.	contradiction
16692	A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall.	A boy getting ready for his first rock climb.	neutral
16693	A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall.	A boy preparing for safety.	entailment
16694	Person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.	Olympic champion wins the Ski jump contest	neutral
16695	Person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.	A man drinks hot cocoa in the lodge	contradiction
16696	Person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.	A skiier does a jump	entailment
16697	A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front.	A married couple lounges on the beach.	contradiction
16698	A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front.	A married couple walks in front of a car.	neutral
16699	A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front.	A couple of people walk in front of a car.	entailment
16700	A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament.	A red car has an unusual ornament on its hood.	entailment
16701	A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament.	A man and woman are walking through a parking lot.	neutral
16702	A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament.	A man and woman are walking through a crowded store.	contradiction
16703	A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament	Two brothers are breaking into a black truck.	contradiction
16704	A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament	A couple are shopping for a red car.	neutral
16705	A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament	A man and a woman walk past a car.	entailment
16706	A couple walks past a car in a parking lot.	A couple walks past their car in a parking lot.	neutral
16707	A couple walks past a car in a parking lot.	A couple walks past a car.	entailment
16708	A couple walks past a car in a parking lot.	A couple runs on a track.	contradiction
16709	A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.	A boy is near a body of water.	entailment
16710	A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.	A boy is getting ready to swim in the body of water.	neutral
16711	A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.	A boy is eating a man's face.	contradiction
16712	A child wearing a blue short-sleeve plaid shirt and brown cargo shorts is squeezing the face of a man wearing a gray hat, blue jeans, and a blue t-shirt.	The kid in a patterned shirt and shorts with pockets is touching the head of a guy wearing grey and blue.	entailment
16713	A child wearing a blue short-sleeve plaid shirt and brown cargo shorts is squeezing the face of a man wearing a gray hat, blue jeans, and a blue t-shirt.	A grandfather in a gray hat allows his toddler granddaughter in blue and brown to squish his cheeks.	neutral
16714	A child wearing a blue short-sleeve plaid shirt and brown cargo shorts is squeezing the face of a man wearing a gray hat, blue jeans, and a blue t-shirt.	A man in a blue outfit and gray cap carries a sleeping newborn wearing shorts and a flat blue shirt.	contradiction
16715	Little boy playing with his daddy by the water	A boy and his father sit in church.	contradiction
16716	Little boy playing with his daddy by the water	A boy and father play.	entailment
16717	Little boy playing with his daddy by the water	A boy and his father play by the ocean.	neutral
16718	A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river.	A man playing ping pong at a tournament.	contradiction
16719	A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river.	A woman is kayaking on a dare.	neutral
16720	A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river.	A person kayaking through dangerous water.	entailment
16721	Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs.	Four people are preparing drinks in mugs.	entailment
16722	Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs.	No one is holding their coffee mugs.	contradiction
16723	Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs.	Four people are pouring whiskey into eachother's drinks.	neutral
16724	A man in a blue shirt pushing a shopping cart.	The man is going shopping.	entailment
16725	A man in a blue shirt pushing a shopping cart.	The man is unloading groceries.	neutral
16726	A man in a blue shirt pushing a shopping cart.	The man does not have anything to buy.	contradiction
16727	A banner about a beauty parlor.	A pet shop is opening.	contradiction
16728	A banner about a beauty parlor.	There is a sign for a beauty parlor.	entailment
16729	A banner about a beauty parlor.	The beauty parlor is newly opened.	neutral
16730	A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.	it is sunny	contradiction
16731	A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.	it is raining	entailment
16732	A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.	they are racing someone	neutral
16733	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A man walks pass an ad on the door	entailment
16734	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A tall person walking	neutral
16735	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A man in white is walking by an abandoned building on the edge of the city.	neutral
16736	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	The man walked into the building with the ad on the door	contradiction
16737	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A person walking	entailment
16738	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	There is a man wearing white in the picture.	entailment
16739	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	There is nothing above the door to the building.	contradiction
16740	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A man in white walks by a shuttered building.	entailment
16741	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	An elderly man passes by a shuttered building that displayed an advertising banner.	neutral
16742	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A man passing by a shuttered building that displayed an advertising banner.	entailment
16743	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	The man saw the ad on the door and didn't want to pay attention to it	neutral
16744	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	Nobody is walking.	contradiction
16745	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A man ran pass by a shuttered building that displayed an advertising banner.	contradiction
16746	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	A woman is walking near a beautiful ad agency.	contradiction
16747	A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door.	He is walking past a store.	neutral
16748	A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building.	A man is walking to the store.	neutral
16749	A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building.	A woman is riding a bike outside near a building.	contradiction
16750	A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building.	A man is walking outside.	entailment
16751	A dark-haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor.	A man is having his hair cut in a beauty parlor.	neutral
16752	A dark-haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor.	A man walks by a beauty parlor.	entailment
16753	A dark-haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor.	A chair walked out of the beauty parlor.	contradiction
16754	Two men a chopping lumber.	The men are chopping wood.	entailment
16755	Two men a chopping lumber.	The women are getting firewood.	contradiction
16756	Two men a chopping lumber.	The men are lumberjacks.	neutral
16757	fishermen on a wooden boat.	A man is fishing in the water.	neutral
16758	fishermen on a wooden boat.	A man is outside near the dock.	entailment
16759	fishermen on a wooden boat.	The boat is made of aluminum.	contradiction
16760	These are modern pirates performing maintenance on their sailboat.	Pirates are fixing someone else's sailboat.	contradiction
16761	These are modern pirates performing maintenance on their sailboat.	Pirates are doing routine daily maintenance on their boat.	neutral
16762	These are modern pirates performing maintenance on their sailboat.	Pirates are doing maintenance on their boat.	entailment
16763	Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock.	There are humans outdoors.	entailment
16764	Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock.	The men are out at sea.	contradiction
16765	Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock.	The guys are getting ready for a boat race.	neutral
16766	Six people tend to various chores and responsibilities on board a sailing ship while it's docked in a harbor; while three of the men appear to be dressed in normal clothes like jeans and plain or striped shirts, the other two men and the woman are dressed as pirate characters.	The group of people are working on the sailing ship.	entailment
16767	Six people tend to various chores and responsibilities on board a sailing ship while it's docked in a harbor; while three of the men appear to be dressed in normal clothes like jeans and plain or striped shirts, the other two men and the woman are dressed as pirate characters.	The ship is docked to pick up passengers.	neutral
16768	Six people tend to various chores and responsibilities on board a sailing ship while it's docked in a harbor; while three of the men appear to be dressed in normal clothes like jeans and plain or striped shirts, the other two men and the woman are dressed as pirate characters.	The men dressed as Popeye lead the other sailors in song.	contradiction
16769	Seven men on the deck of a sailboat performing different tasks related to sailing a boat.	Men are working on a boat.	entailment
16770	Seven men on the deck of a sailboat performing different tasks related to sailing a boat.	Men are sailing in the ocean.	neutral
16771	Seven men on the deck of a sailboat performing different tasks related to sailing a boat.	Men are sleeping on a sailboat.	contradiction
16772	A mother is adjusting the clothing of her child.	The child is preparing to go to the faire	neutral
16773	A mother is adjusting the clothing of her child.	The mother is touching clothing	entailment
16774	A mother is adjusting the clothing of her child.	The woman is on the moon	contradiction
16775	The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked.	The cyclist like the name.	neutral
16776	The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked.	The man is naked.	entailment
16777	The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked.	The man is asleep.	contradiction
16778	A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.	A group of friends are riding bikes on the main road.	neutral
16779	A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.	Naked people are riding their bikes outside.	entailment
16780	A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.	A few people are sitting on their front porch.	contradiction
16781	A woman in a red top with a child in a pink top.	A woman is playing with her child	neutral
16782	A woman in a red top with a child in a pink top.	A woman is in a blue top	contradiction
16783	A woman in a red top with a child in a pink top.	A woman is in a red top	entailment
16784	A girl in pink smiling for the camera.	A girl is smiling for the audience at her play.	contradiction
16785	A girl in pink smiling for the camera.	A girl is smiling for the camera her Dad is holding.	neutral
16786	A girl in pink smiling for the camera.	A girl is smiling.	entailment
16787	The sad state of the homeless in America.	The sad state of the homeless in America as this poor man panhandles	neutral
16788	The sad state of the homeless in America.	The sad state of the homeless in their mansions	contradiction
16789	The sad state of the homeless in America.	Poverty is a major issue in America	entailment
16790	A team of people standing across from each other in front of a large crowd.	The street is busy most times of the day	neutral
16791	A team of people standing across from each other in front of a large crowd.	The people are standing	entailment
16792	A team of people standing across from each other in front of a large crowd.	The team of people are playing basketball	contradiction
16793	A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background.	The boy is outside.	neutral
16794	A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background.	the skateboarder is a woman.	contradiction
16795	A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background.	A boy is skateboarding.	entailment
16796	Boy skateboarding on residential street, falling farward with hands on the ground.	A boy is falling off his skateboard.	entailment
16797	Boy skateboarding on residential street, falling farward with hands on the ground.	A girl is riding a skateboard in a skateboard park.	contradiction
16798	Boy skateboarding on residential street, falling farward with hands on the ground.	A boy wearing a red shirt is falling off his skateboard.	neutral
16799	a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street	The man is wearing a hat and a blue and black shirt skateboarding	neutral
16800	a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street	The man is riding his bike down a steep street	contradiction
16801	a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street	The man is skatboarding fast down the street	entailment
16802	The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.	A person is skateboarding.	entailment
16803	The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
16804	The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.	A man is skateboarding.	neutral
16805	A longboarder catches himself before hitting the ground.	A longboarder has his dog with him.	contradiction
16806	A longboarder catches himself before hitting the ground.	A longboarder is pretending to fall.	neutral
16807	A longboarder catches himself before hitting the ground.	A longboarder almost had an accident.	entailment
16808	Men having a tree carving contest.	Women are having a race.	contradiction
16809	Men having a tree carving contest.	People are having a tree carving contest.	entailment
16810	Men having a tree carving contest.	Men are having a tree carving contest in July.	neutral
16811	A male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition.	Skateboarders perform in a competition.	contradiction
16812	A male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition.	Rollerskaters perform in a competition.	entailment
16813	A male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition.	Rollerskaters in Halloween costumes perform in a competition.	neutral
16814	An older couple singing and playing the guitar.	A man and woman playing guitar	neutral
16815	An older couple singing and playing the guitar.	Two people performing music	entailment
16816	An older couple singing and playing the guitar.	A solo performer playing for a crowd	contradiction
16817	A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling.	There is an infant	entailment
16818	A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling.	She is waiting for traffic to stop.	neutral
16819	A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling.	The dad has the baby in the sling	contradiction
16820	3 people in a small hut or house.	three friends are in a house talking	neutral
16821	3 people in a small hut or house.	three people are in a house	entailment
16822	3 people in a small hut or house.	three people exercise outside in the rain	contradiction
16823	Two little boys reading and looking at books on the stairs.	Children are reading goosebumps.	neutral
16824	Two little boys reading and looking at books on the stairs.	Adults are playing on their iPhones.	contradiction
16825	Two little boys reading and looking at books on the stairs.	Children have books to read inside.	entailment
16826	People dressed in red and blue placing a man into an orange cloth on a snow covered mountain.	A man is being hoisted up to a helicopter off a snow covered mountain.	contradiction
16827	People dressed in red and blue placing a man into an orange cloth on a snow covered mountain.	People placing a man into an orange cloth on a mountain.	entailment
16828	People dressed in red and blue placing a man into an orange cloth on a snow covered mountain.	People dressed in red and blue are placing a man with a broken leg into an orange cloth on a snow covered mountain.	neutral
16829	A young by sits on a carpeted staircase.	The boy is eating on the staircase.	neutral
16830	A young by sits on a carpeted staircase.	The girl is sitting on the carpeted staircase.	contradiction
16831	A young by sits on a carpeted staircase.	The boy is sitting on the carpeted staircase.	entailment
16832	A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier.	A woman is holding a baby.	entailment
16833	A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier.	A man is holding a baby.	contradiction
16834	A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier.	A woman is holding her baby.	neutral
16835	A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.	A man has some flowers.	entailment
16836	A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.	The policeman are chasing a flower thief.	neutral
16837	A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.	A man places flowers at a roadside memorial.	contradiction
16838	Man sitting on a bench next to a bike.	A man sitting waiting for a friend	neutral
16839	Man sitting on a bench next to a bike.	A woman sitting next to a bike	contradiction
16840	Man sitting on a bench next to a bike.	A person sitting on a bench	entailment
16841	A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap.	A woman is talking on the phone and doing her make-up.	contradiction
16842	A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap.	A woman is carrying her baby on the sidewalk.	entailment
16843	A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap.	A woman is carrying her sister's baby on the sidewalk.	neutral
16844	A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.	A man sitting on a beach next to a bike.	entailment
16845	A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.	A man is sitting on the beach.	neutral
16846	A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.	A man is riding in a car.	contradiction
16847	A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike.	The girl skis	contradiction
16848	A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike.	He considers taking the bike	neutral
16849	A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike.	He sits outside	entailment
16850	A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing.	The man rides his bike through the park.	contradiction
16851	A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing.	A man takes a break from his bike ride to sit on a bench.	neutral
16852	A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing.	A man rests outside on a bench.	entailment
16853	A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail.	A man is sitting on a bench eating lunch	neutral
16854	A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail.	A man is eating lunch at home	contradiction
16855	A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail.	A man is sitting on a bench outside	entailment
16856	A man sits inside a dragster.	The man is changing his tire.	contradiction
16857	A man sits inside a dragster.	A man is inside a race car.	entailment
16858	A man sits inside a dragster.	The racecar has the number 66 on it.	neutral
16859	Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt.	Person in a car does a midair stunt.	contradiction
16860	Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt.	Someone on four wheeler does a midair stunt.	entailment
16861	Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt.	Dog on four wheeler does a midair stunt.	contradiction
16862	A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents.	A man in white lounges by the sea, talking to firemen.	contradiction
16863	A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents.	A man is running away from what he perceives to be policemen.	entailment
16864	A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents.	A criminal tries to elude cops chasing him.	neutral
16865	Girls blowing out candles on a birthday cake made of Peeps.	The cake has no candles	contradiction
16866	Girls blowing out candles on a birthday cake made of Peeps.	The candles are being blown out	entailment
16867	Girls blowing out candles on a birthday cake made of Peeps.	The candles are trick candles	neutral
16868	Three people are sitting on a bench in front of a body of water.	The weather is nice	neutral
16869	Three people are sitting on a bench in front of a body of water.	Three people are outdoors	entailment
16870	Three people are sitting on a bench in front of a body of water.	The people are walking	contradiction
16871	A woman admires a little girl's blue dress.	A man is wearing a little girls blue dress	contradiction
16872	A woman admires a little girl's blue dress.	The girl is the womans daughter	neutral
16873	A woman admires a little girl's blue dress.	The little girl is wearing a blue dress	entailment
16874	There are three people sitting on a park bench looking out toward the ocean.	The people all know each other.	neutral
16875	There are three people sitting on a park bench looking out toward the ocean.	Three people are running a race.	contradiction
16876	There are three people sitting on a park bench looking out toward the ocean.	Three people are sitting on a bench.	entailment
16877	A woman playing with a child outside of a house.	A woman pushed a child in a tire swing.	neutral
16878	A woman playing with a child outside of a house.	A woman is rocking her child to sleep.	contradiction
16879	A woman playing with a child outside of a house.	A woman plays with her child.	neutral
16880	a woman and a child looking at the child's dress	A mother and her daughter admire the dress.	neutral
16881	a woman and a child looking at the child's dress	A child and woman look at the dress.	entailment
16882	a woman and a child looking at the child's dress	A man and a boy look at the shirt.	contradiction
16883	four individuals sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	Four dogs sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	contradiction
16884	four individuals sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	Four people sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	entailment
16885	four individuals sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	Four angry individuals sitting on a bench looking at the ocean	neutral
16886	A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter's blue dress.	The mother is working on her daughters dress.	entailment
16887	A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter's blue dress.	The dad is trying to wear his daughters dress.	contradiction
16888	A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter's blue dress.	The woman is sewing the ripped clothing on the girl.	neutral
16889	School children running through the play yard.	Children are playing a game	neutral
16890	School children running through the play yard.	Children are active	entailment
16891	School children running through the play yard.	Children are sitting in their desks	contradiction
16892	A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket.	The woman likes holding the baby.	neutral
16893	A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket.	The woman is not holding the baby.	contradiction
16894	A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket.	The woman is holding the baby.	entailment
16895	A Olympic Marathon Event with the locals.	Olympic style competition with only amateurs.	neutral
16896	A Olympic Marathon Event with the locals.	Locals protest the international event in their town.	contradiction
16897	A woman in orange clothing colors thread.	the lady eats pizza	contradiction
16898	A woman in orange clothing colors thread.	the lady colors thread to use later	neutral
16899	A woman in orange clothing colors thread.	the lady colors thread	entailment
16900	Young man in an classroom creating Art.	The young man is indoors.	entailment
16901	Young man in an classroom creating Art.	The young man is creative.	neutral
16902	Young man in an classroom creating Art.	The young man is at church.	contradiction
16903	A girl in sunglasses and a bikini playing beach volleyball.	A girl is playing volleyball on the beach	entailment
16904	A girl in sunglasses and a bikini playing beach volleyball.	A girl in a bikini is playing beach volleyball with a group of people	neutral
16905	A girl in sunglasses and a bikini playing beach volleyball.	A girl is in a dress playing in the sand	contradiction
16906	a woman playing volleyball wearing a neon swimsuit top.	A woman practices for her volleyball tournament	neutral
16907	a woman playing volleyball wearing a neon swimsuit top.	A brightly dressed girl playing volleyball	entailment
16908	a woman playing volleyball wearing a neon swimsuit top.	A man tossing a volleyball around by himself	contradiction
16909	A dark-haired woman in a black and red bikini and sunglasses is playing volleyball under a cloudy sky.	A women wore bikini and playing volleyball on beach.	entailment
16910	A dark-haired woman in a black and red bikini and sunglasses is playing volleyball under a cloudy sky.	A women shopping in the mall.	contradiction
16911	A dark-haired woman in a black and red bikini and sunglasses is playing volleyball under a cloudy sky.	A lady playing something on beach.	neutral
16912	A balding man kisses a very small baby wrapped in a blanket.	a man with no hair is kissing a baby	entailment
16913	A balding man kisses a very small baby wrapped in a blanket.	a man was kissing a little boy	neutral
16914	A balding man kisses a very small baby wrapped in a blanket.	a man and a baby were riding rides at a carnival	contradiction
16915	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man is dressed casual as are others.	neutral
16916	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	They are cooking elephant at the barbeque.	contradiction
16917	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man is cooking.	entailment
16918	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man cooks barbecue.	entailment
16919	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	The man wearing the apron is preparing a tailgate party for his friends.	neutral
16920	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	The man is cooking his dinner on the stove.	contradiction
16921	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A barbeque is going on, its a big day.	entailment
16922	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	Women in short shorts serve beer.	contradiction
16923	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man wears a blue apron.	entailment
16924	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man wearing jeans is barbecuing on a truck trailer.	entailment
16925	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man is walking a dog.	contradiction
16926	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man cooks for a barbecue competition.	neutral
16927	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man catches a Frisbee on a college campus.	contradiction
16928	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man cooks food on a truck trailer.	neutral
16929	Man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.	A man is cooking hot dogs.	neutral
16930	A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs.	A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs to roll the hot dogs and flip the burgers.	neutral
16931	A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs.	A man opening a can of chili with tongs.	contradiction
16932	A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs.	A man holding tongs.	entailment
16933	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Two men are cooking in a kitchen	contradiction
16934	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Some men are fixing a boat.	contradiction
16935	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Two men are sharing a barrel to barbecue pork.	neutral
16936	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Women grilling barbecue.	contradiction
16937	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	The men are barbecuing pork.	neutral
16938	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Two men interact with a big barbecue barrel.	entailment
16939	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Men are cooking barbecue outside.	entailment
16940	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Men cooking barbecue.	neutral
16941	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	There are men barbecuing in a barrel.	entailment
16942	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Two men are outside barbecuing	entailment
16943	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	The oversized barbecue barrel is brown	neutral
16944	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Men looking into a barrel to check their barbecue.	entailment
16945	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	A picnic is taking place with barbecue as the main dish.	neutral
16946	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Three females are sipping wine indoors.	contradiction
16947	Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.	Two men are frying a steak.	contradiction
16948	A man in blue overalls cooks barbecue.	A man is barbecuing.	entailment
16949	A man in blue overalls cooks barbecue.	A man is cooking out on the Fourth of July.	neutral
16950	A man in blue overalls cooks barbecue.	A little girl is flying a kite in a storm.	contradiction
16951	A father is kissing his baby.	A baby is sleeping in its crib alone.	contradiction
16952	A father is kissing his baby.	A man shows affection to a child.	entailment
16953	A father is kissing his baby.	A father meets his newborn for the first time.	neutral
16954	Two asian women wearing hats being pulled in a rickshaw by an asian male with a headband.	two people being pulled in a rickshaw.	neutral
16955	Two asian women wearing hats being pulled in a rickshaw by an asian male with a headband.	two people riding on a bus.	contradiction
16956	Two asian women wearing hats being pulled in a rickshaw by an asian male with a headband.	two people being pulled by another person.	entailment
16957	Two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment.	The two women are carrying camping equipment but are not currently camping.	entailment
16958	Two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment.	The two women have just returned home from camping.	neutral
16959	Two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment.	The two women are carrying surfboards.	contradiction
16960	A man swinging a tennis racket.	The man is riding his bike	contradiction
16961	A man swinging a tennis racket.	The man is playing tennis	neutral
16962	A man swinging a tennis racket.	The man is holding a tennis racket.	entailment
16963	A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw.	A man is drunk and offering free rides.	neutral
16964	A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw.	A man is in a city.	entailment
16965	A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw.	A man is a pilot of an airplane.	contradiction
16966	Two people with backpacks and sleeping bags walking outside on a sidewalk.	A couple of people are outdoors.	entailment
16967	Two people with backpacks and sleeping bags walking outside on a sidewalk.	Two friends are on their way to go camping.	neutral
16968	Two people with backpacks and sleeping bags walking outside on a sidewalk.	Two men are working silently in adjacent cubicles.	contradiction
16969	Two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley.	The alley is dimly lit.	entailment
16970	Two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley.	Tigers are eating the two men.	contradiction
16971	Two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley.	People are playing craps.	neutral
16972	There are two people walking down the street carrying lots of luggage on their bags.	a single person on the street carrying bags	contradiction
16973	There are two people walking down the street carrying lots of luggage on their bags.	a married couple walking down the street	neutral
16974	There are two people walking down the street carrying lots of luggage on their bags.	two people walking	entailment
16975	A woman is playing guitar on stage	A woman is giving a concert	neutral
16976	A woman is playing guitar on stage	A woman is giving a speech	contradiction
16977	A woman is playing guitar on stage	A woman is playing guitar and singing on stage	entailment
16978	Two women walking in front of a brick building carrying backpacks and sleeping bags on their backs.	The building is old	neutral
16979	Two women walking in front of a brick building carrying backpacks and sleeping bags on their backs.	There are two women	entailment
16980	Two women walking in front of a brick building carrying backpacks and sleeping bags on their backs.	There are no women	contradiction
16981	A european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding.	the farmer is asleep	contradiction
16982	A european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding.	the farmer is old	neutral
16983	A european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding.	a farmer puts down hay	entailment
16984	A man in a black shirt and red and white hat swinging a golf club at a golf ball that is sitting in green grass.	A man is playing golf.	entailment
16985	A man in a black shirt and red and white hat swinging a golf club at a golf ball that is sitting in green grass.	A man misses the golf ball.	neutral
16986	A man in a black shirt and red and white hat swinging a golf club at a golf ball that is sitting in green grass.	A man is sitting down on the mud.	contradiction
16987	Women are outside.	A group of women at the park.	neutral
16988	Women are outside.	A group of women.	entailment
16989	Women are outside.	A group of women in a conference room.	contradiction
16990	A group of people standing on a rock path.	Animals are running through the forest.	contradiction
16991	A group of people standing on a rock path.	A group of people are hiking.	entailment
16992	A group of people standing on a rock path.	A group of people are hiking in California.	neutral
16993	Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.	A group of women are looking at a crime scene.	neutral
16994	Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.	A group of women are dancing.	contradiction
16995	Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.	A group of women are outside.	entailment
16996	There is a man playing golf.	People play sports.	entailment
16997	There is a man playing golf.	The man hits the ball with a bat.	contradiction
16998	There is a man playing golf.	The man is shooting below par.	neutral
16999	A group of people piling hay into a horse-drawn cart.	A group of people putting hay in a cart.	entailment
17000	A group of people piling hay into a horse-drawn cart.	People working on a farm.	neutral
17001	A group of people piling hay into a horse-drawn cart.	A group of people sitting in a taxi.	contradiction
17002	The Houston Texans quarterback holds a football against the Minnesota Vikings while his running back moves towards the ball.	The football is on the ground.	contradiction
17003	The Houston Texans quarterback holds a football against the Minnesota Vikings while his running back moves towards the ball.	There are football players playing a game.	entailment
17004	The Houston Texans quarterback holds a football against the Minnesota Vikings while his running back moves towards the ball.	The quarterback is smiling.	neutral
17005	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	the texans are in the lead	neutral
17006	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The players are playing outside.	neutral
17007	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	Two men are playing football.	entailment
17008	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	A NFL quarterback is getting ready to throw a pass against his rivals.	entailment
17009	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The Houston Texans didn't attend the game.	contradiction
17010	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The Houston Texan quarterback is about to execute a trick play for a touchdown against the Minesota Vikings	neutral
17011	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The Houston Texans and the Minnesota Vikings are playing a game.	entailment
17012	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	a guy in his recliner watches basketball	contradiction
17013	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	there are 2 teams on the field	entailment
17014	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	the texans are about to score a touchdown	neutral
17015	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The Houston Texans are big rivals of the Green Bay Packers.	neutral
17016	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The Broncos quarter back is running the football.	contradiction
17017	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	the texans are the packers rivals	contradiction
17018	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	The New York Yankees are playing a baseball game against the Giants.	contradiction
17019	The Houston Texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the NFC North-worst Minnesota Vikings, who are big rivals with the elite Green Bay Packers.	people play football	entailment
17020	A quarterback faking a hand off to a running back during a football play.	A tennis player sets up a play.	contradiction
17021	A quarterback faking a hand off to a running back during a football play.	A quarterback enacts a strategic play to win a game.	neutral
17022	A quarterback faking a hand off to a running back during a football play.	A quarterback fakes a play.	entailment
17023	Quarterback in a football game running play while other players surround him.	The quarterback is taking a nap.	contradiction
17024	Quarterback in a football game running play while other players surround him.	The quarterback has the football.	neutral
17025	Quarterback in a football game running play while other players surround him.	They are burning calories.	entailment
17026	Number 13 is holding a football while a football game is going on.	The player is playing in a football game.	entailment
17027	Number 13 is holding a football while a football game is going on.	The player caught the ball.	neutral
17028	Number 13 is holding a football while a football game is going on.	The player is bike riding at the game.	contradiction
17029	two people in coats in an ally sitting on a box	They are taking a short break from work	neutral
17030	two people in coats in an ally sitting on a box	They are rolling in the dough on the carpet	contradiction
17031	two people in coats in an ally sitting on a box	there are two people in this picture	entailment
17032	A woman holding a video camera.	Someone is holding a camera.	entailment
17033	A woman holding a video camera.	A woman is holding a video game.	contradiction
17034	A woman holding a video camera.	A mother is recording her daughter.	neutral
17035	A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill.	A boy is running down a mountain.	contradiction
17036	A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill.	A child races his brother in their sleds to the finish line at the bottom.	neutral
17037	A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill.	A child is sledding.	entailment
17038	A man wearing a pink shirt with black stripes is protecting himself from the rain using a newspaper.	It is raining outside.	entailment
17039	A man wearing a pink shirt with black stripes is protecting himself from the rain using a newspaper.	The man is on his way to work.	neutral
17040	A man wearing a pink shirt with black stripes is protecting himself from the rain using a newspaper.	It's a beautiful blue, clear day outside.	contradiction
17041	A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	A big child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	neutral
17042	A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	A child in a jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	entailment
17043	A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	A man in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.	contradiction
17044	a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet	A child sledding down a hill while wearing protective gear.	entailment
17045	a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet	A child having fun while wearing a helmet and gloves.	neutral
17046	a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet	A child sledding down a snowy hill while it's 100F out.	contradiction
17047	a soccer player is diving for the ball.	The athlete is playing baseball.	contradiction
17048	a soccer player is diving for the ball.	An athlete dives for the soccer ball.	entailment
17049	a soccer player is diving for the ball.	The athlete is female.	neutral
17050	A child sits on a red disc in the snow.	A child is outdoors playing.	entailment
17051	A child sits on a red disc in the snow.	A child is sleding down a hill.	neutral
17052	A child sits on a red disc in the snow.	A child is sitting inside and watching TV.	contradiction
17053	Someone is trying to take a picture at a convention.	he is taking a picture	entailment
17054	Someone is trying to take a picture at a convention.	he is in a tornado	contradiction
17055	Someone is trying to take a picture at a convention.	it a sports convention	neutral
17056	Many people are outside of a large building.	A large group of people outside of a building.	entailment
17057	Many people are outside of a large building.	A large group of people in the middle of a desert surrounded by nothing but sand.	contradiction
17058	Many people are outside of a large building.	A large group of people outside of the Eiffel tower.	neutral
17059	a woman is standing behind a counter.	A woman takes a nap in the park.	contradiction
17060	a woman is standing behind a counter.	A woman at work thinks about how much she hates working in retail.	neutral
17061	a woman is standing behind a counter.	A woman at work.	entailment
17062	a dog jumps over the fence.	An animal is outdoors.	entailment
17063	a dog jumps over the fence.	The pet is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
17064	a dog jumps over the fence.	A puppy is playing outside.	neutral
17065	A waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes.	The waitress is working very hard.	neutral
17066	A waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes.	The person is standing.	entailment
17067	A waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes.	The woman is sitting in the lunch room.	contradiction
17068	A lady behind the counter selling cake.	The women is throwing cake at the customers.	contradiction
17069	A lady behind the counter selling cake.	A women behind the counter is selling cakes.	entailment
17070	A lady behind the counter selling cake.	A women behind the counter is selling cakes while drinking coffee.	neutral
17071	Woman behind the counter running a shop.	A lady is working at a business.	entailment
17072	Woman behind the counter running a shop.	A woman is selling clothes to customers.	neutral
17073	Woman behind the counter running a shop.	A woman is running on a track.	contradiction
17074	Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos.	The males are using legos to make model cars and planes.	neutral
17075	Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos.	The two boys are playing with legos on the dinner table.	entailment
17076	Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos.	The girls are playing with dolls.	contradiction
17077	Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background.	They are building a castle.	neutral
17078	Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background.	Children play with blocks.	entailment
17079	Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background.	Only girls are in the room.	contradiction
17080	A man in a pink shirt running through the rain with a newspaper to cover his head.	A man is running in the snow	contradiction
17081	A man in a pink shirt running through the rain with a newspaper to cover his head.	A man is running	entailment
17082	A man in a pink shirt running through the rain with a newspaper to cover his head.	A man wants to quickly get out of the rain	neutral
17083	Two boys play with Legos.	Two teenage girls play with legos.	contradiction
17084	Two boys play with Legos.	An older boy teachers a younger boy how to build with legos.	neutral
17085	Two boys play with Legos.	children arranging blocks.	entailment
17086	a man is sitting cross-legged on a wall with a view of a city behind him.	A man sitting on a wall has a view of the city.	entailment
17087	a man is sitting cross-legged on a wall with a view of a city behind him.	A man is sitting on a wall outside.	neutral
17088	a man is sitting cross-legged on a wall with a view of a city behind him.	A man is sitting on a wall in the country.	contradiction
17089	A man is walking a dog with a pink, lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend.	The man is sitting.	contradiction
17090	A man is walking a dog with a pink, lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend.	A man has a dog.	entailment
17091	A man is walking a dog with a pink, lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend.	The dog is brown.	neutral
17092	A bald man asking questions about a product.	A bald man asks about a new computer	neutral
17093	A bald man asking questions about a product.	A man with a wig sleeps outside a store	contradiction
17094	A bald man asking questions about a product.	A man inquires about a product	entailment
17095	An older man, with a blue shirt, sitting on sand, welds together pieces of metal.	an older man has a blue shirt.	entailment
17096	An older man, with a blue shirt, sitting on sand, welds together pieces of metal.	The older man is married.	neutral
17097	An older man, with a blue shirt, sitting on sand, welds together pieces of metal.	The older man has a white shirt	contradiction
17098	A woman is dancing on a stage.	A woman sitting in her seat.	contradiction
17099	A woman is dancing on a stage.	A woman is moving around.	entailment
17100	A woman is dancing on a stage.	A woman is dancing at a club.	neutral
17101	A crowd is gathered near a riverbank.	There are people outside.	entailment
17102	A crowd is gathered near a riverbank.	The crowd waits expectantly on the racetrack.	contradiction
17103	A crowd is gathered near a riverbank.	The people wait for the race on the river to start between the neighboring colleges.	neutral
17104	A group of people harvesting corn with a machine.	Only one person is harvesting corn.	contradiction
17105	A group of people harvesting corn with a machine.	The machine is orange.	neutral
17106	A group of people harvesting corn with a machine.	A group is harvesting corn.	entailment
17107	A woman works with cotton on a loom in an exotic setting.	A woman works with cotton in her house.	neutral
17108	A woman works with cotton on a loom in an exotic setting.	A woman works with cotton.	entailment
17109	A woman works with cotton on a loom in an exotic setting.	A woman works with denim.	contradiction
17110	A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk.	A man and woman are walking to their home.	neutral
17111	A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk.	A man and woman are sitting down on a bench by the sidewalk.	contradiction
17112	A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk.	A man and woman walk outdoors.	entailment
17113	A group of people overlooking the water from a boat.	There are individuals on the water.	entailment
17114	A group of people overlooking the water from a boat.	Several adults are fishing.	neutral
17115	A group of people overlooking the water from a boat.	A group of people are swimming next to a boat.	contradiction
17116	Farm workers harvest celery on a bright, sunny day.	The celery is big	neutral
17117	Farm workers harvest celery on a bright, sunny day.	The day is sunny	entailment
17118	Farm workers harvest celery on a bright, sunny day.	The day is cloudy	contradiction
17119	A wet, white dog is jumping over obstacles.	A dog jumps over obstacles for a dog show.	neutral
17120	A wet, white dog is jumping over obstacles.	A dog jumps over obstacles	entailment
17121	A wet, white dog is jumping over obstacles.	A dog jumps over obstacles because a cat is chasing it.	contradiction
17122	Some people sit on a rail over a lake.	Some people are sitting.	entailment
17123	Some people sit on a rail over a lake.	Some people are fishing.	neutral
17124	Some people sit on a rail over a lake.	A man is walking a dog.	contradiction
17125	A dental technician is completing a procedure on a patient.	A patient is being sedated.	neutral
17126	A dental technician is completing a procedure on a patient.	Person leaving the dentist office.	contradiction
17127	A dental technician is completing a procedure on a patient.	There are people in a medical office.	entailment
17128	Farmers picking up crops in a field.	Farmers picking the fall harvest.	neutral
17129	Farmers picking up crops in a field.	Farmers picking their crops.	entailment
17130	Farmers picking up crops in a field.	Farmers milking cows.	contradiction
17131	Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth.	A big black dog swimming in the ocean with a tennis ball in his mouth.	neutral
17132	Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth.	A dog swimming in the ocean.	entailment
17133	Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth.	A dog is lying on the sidewalk of a river with something in his mouth.	contradiction
17134	One child carries another child on her back.	Children are playing together.	entailment
17135	One child carries another child on her back.	Children are playing videogames.	contradiction
17136	One child carries another child on her back.	Children are having lots of fun playing together.	neutral
17137	A man in a field of greenery working.	The man is a farmer.	neutral
17138	A man in a field of greenery working.	The man is working in a factory.	contradiction
17139	A man in a field of greenery working.	The man is working.	entailment
17140	Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky.	Three skydivers are falling through the air.	entailment
17141	Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky.	The skydivers are all looking at each other and not at the ground.	neutral
17142	Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky.	The skydivers are fighting in the air.	contradiction
17143	three people, outside, walking.	A group of people.	entailment
17144	three people, outside, walking.	A man sits on a bench.	contradiction
17145	three people, outside, walking.	Friends walking down a city sidewalk.	neutral
17146	Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds.	Three men are skydiving towards the Earth.	neutral
17147	Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds.	Three people are in the sky.	entailment
17148	Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds.	Three skydivers land on the ground.	contradiction
17149	Two people are parachuting over white clouds.	two people are scared to sky dive	neutral
17150	Two people are parachuting over white clouds.	two people are sitting on the ground	contradiction
17151	Two people are parachuting over white clouds.	two people are outside	entailment
17152	Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.	Three people, wearing parachutes, free-falling.	entailment
17153	Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.	Three people skydiving.	neutral
17154	Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.	Three people standing in a plane.	contradiction
17155	A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt.	three people are skydiving	entailment
17156	A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt.	2 people are skydiving	contradiction
17157	A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt.	3 people are skydiving for charity	neutral
17158	Male and female holding railing looking off into the distance.	Two people are looking into the distance.	entailment
17159	Male and female holding railing looking off into the distance.	A newlywed couple is on their honeymoon.	neutral
17160	Male and female holding railing looking off into the distance.	Two men are fighting over a pizza.	contradiction
17161	A competition dog running between poles	The dog is competeive when it comes to running between poles.	entailment
17162	A competition dog running between poles	The dog is competeive when it comes to running between poles while looking for his food	neutral
17163	A competition dog running between poles	The dog likes cake when he is running.	contradiction
17164	A couple are standing holding a rail, women is wearing sunglasses and has a purse, and the man has a backpack and wearing a green shirt.	A person in sunglasses	entailment
17165	A couple are standing holding a rail, women is wearing sunglasses and has a purse, and the man has a backpack and wearing a green shirt.	Nobody has sunglasses	contradiction
17166	A couple are standing holding a rail, women is wearing sunglasses and has a purse, and the man has a backpack and wearing a green shirt.	A tall person in sunglasses	neutral
17167	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	The woman is standing alone.	contradiction
17168	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A person in a shirt	entailment
17169	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	Two children stand outside.	contradiction
17170	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	Two casually dressed people stand together.	entailment
17171	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	Nobody has a shirt	contradiction
17172	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	Two people are waiting for a train.	neutral
17173	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	The woman has a wrist tattoo.	entailment
17174	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A couple stands outside taking in the sites together.	neutral
17175	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A coupel of men hop on a frieght train.	contradiction
17176	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A man and woman wait by a rail for something.	neutral
17177	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	The woman is about to go over the rail.	neutral
17178	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A tall person in a shirt	neutral
17179	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	The man is standing close to a woman.	entailment
17180	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	The man is waiting at home.	contradiction
17181	A man in a green t-shirt stands at a rail with a woman in a gray t-shirt and a wrist tattoo.	A man stand at a rail with a woman.	entailment
17182	A black and white dog weaves between metal bars.	A dog is trying to get away from something.	neutral
17183	A black and white dog weaves between metal bars.	A dog is swimming in a pond.	contradiction
17184	A black and white dog weaves between metal bars.	A dog is running.	entailment
17185	A black and white agility dog weaving between poles.	an animal performing tricks.	entailment
17186	A black and white agility dog weaving between poles.	a  dog is sitting in a field.	contradiction
17187	A black and white agility dog weaving between poles.	a dog doing agility training.	neutral
17188	A dog weaving through an obstacle course.	The obstacle course contains tubes.	neutral
17189	A dog weaving through an obstacle course.	A dog shows off his ability to sit.	contradiction
17190	A dog weaving through an obstacle course.	A dog is on an obstacle course.	entailment
17191	A black and white dog running between poles.	The dog is a mutt	neutral
17192	A black and white dog running between poles.	The dog is standing still	contradiction
17193	A black and white dog running between poles.	The dog is black and white	entailment
17194	A male wearing a number 12 shirt, is maintaining the horse steady.	A person maintaining a horse.	entailment
17195	A male wearing a number 12 shirt, is maintaining the horse steady.	A person wearing a number 12 shirt maintaining a horse for a race.	neutral
17196	A male wearing a number 12 shirt, is maintaining the horse steady.	A person combing a goat.	contradiction
17197	A woman is knitting while sitting down at a table.	A woman is knitting a scarf.	neutral
17198	A woman is knitting while sitting down at a table.	A woman is playing checkers.	contradiction
17199	A woman is knitting while sitting down at a table.	A woman is indoors.	entailment
17200	A three-man band performs.	The band is sleep.	contradiction
17201	A three-man band performs.	The band players are making music	neutral
17202	A three-man band performs.	The band performs	entailment
17203	A man sitting in front of a crowd of children playing the cello and a woman beside him playing a harp while the children listen.	Someone is playing music.	entailment
17204	A man sitting in front of a crowd of children playing the cello and a woman beside him playing a harp while the children listen.	The cello is brown.	neutral
17205	A man sitting in front of a crowd of children playing the cello and a woman beside him playing a harp while the children listen.	Nobody is playing a string instrument.	contradiction
17206	three musicians standing on a stage, one is playing an instrument with a keyboard and the other two are singing into microphones.	The musicians are playing a concert.	entailment
17207	three musicians standing on a stage, one is playing an instrument with a keyboard and the other two are singing into microphones.	The musicians are playing piano driven music.	neutral
17208	three musicians standing on a stage, one is playing an instrument with a keyboard and the other two are singing into microphones.	There are two drummers on stage.	contradiction
17209	A woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table, with a bottle of something to drink beside her.	The bottle is being held by a woman in a tank top.	entailment
17210	A woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table, with a bottle of something to drink beside her.	The woman is wearing a yellow tank top.	neutral
17211	A woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table, with a bottle of something to drink beside her.	The woman is doing a puzzle on the table.	contradiction
17212	Young woman seated on a folding chair at a street fair knitting and eying the camera.	A young woman is knitting and looking at the camera	entailment
17213	Young woman seated on a folding chair at a street fair knitting and eying the camera.	Young woman seated on a folding chair at a street fair knitting a scarf and eyeing the camera.	neutral
17214	Young woman seated on a folding chair at a street fair knitting and eying the camera.	Young man seated on a folding chair at a street fair knitting and eying the camera.	contradiction
17215	Three men playing music on a stage, one is on the piano, one is singing, while the other is playing a drum with his hands.	The men are performing music together	entailment
17216	Three men playing music on a stage, one is on the piano, one is singing, while the other is playing a drum with his hands.	The men are juggling for a crowd	contradiction
17217	Three men playing music on a stage, one is on the piano, one is singing, while the other is playing a drum with his hands.	The men are in a band together	neutral
17218	Three people carrying an animal to eat.	Three people are carrying an animal to the grill.	entailment
17219	Three people carrying an animal to eat.	Three people are carrying a cow.	neutral
17220	Three people carrying an animal to eat.	Three people are carrying bins of potatos.	contradiction
17221	Two teams are competing in a volleyball game.	The teams are playing for the championship.	neutral
17222	Two teams are competing in a volleyball game.	A group of people are playing volleyball.	entailment
17223	Two teams are competing in a volleyball game.	The volleyball teams are having lunch.	contradiction
17224	Two teams of women playing indoor volleyball.	women walking at night	contradiction
17225	Two teams of women playing indoor volleyball.	women volley ball players	neutral
17226	Two teams of women playing indoor volleyball.	teams playing indoor volleyball	entailment
17227	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Men swimming	contradiction
17228	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Only men can play Olympic soccer.	contradiction
17229	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	A sporting event at an international venue has everyone on edge.	entailment
17230	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Olympic women's volleyball involves serious competition by highly skilled athletes.	neutral
17231	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	A woman prepares to serve the ball during a women's volleyball game	neutral
17232	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Two women relax in a hot tub, while sipping red wine.	contradiction
17233	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Crowds of onlookers watch a sporting even from the edge of their seats.	neutral
17234	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Women playing volleyball	entailment
17235	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Women's volleyball games are equally matched.	neutral
17236	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Olympic sports are intense	entailment
17237	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Women playing sports team in small competition	neutral
17238	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	A man prepares to take the shot during a hockey game	contradiction
17239	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Women's Olympic volleyball is very competitive.	entailment
17240	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	Sports can be challenging.	entailment
17241	Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.	The women's Olympic volleyball game is over.	contradiction
17242	A group of African villagers are carrying an animal using their hands to tie it up.	The animal is not able to move like it would want to.	entailment
17243	A group of African villagers are carrying an animal using their hands to tie it up.	The people are going to sacrifice the animal hoping for a good harvest	neutral
17244	A group of African villagers are carrying an animal using their hands to tie it up.	The people are all putting on business suits and getting ready for work at their office.	contradiction
17245	Two people carry a captured animal between them while a third person walks along.	Three people are walking with an animal that has been detained.	entailment
17246	Two people carry a captured animal between them while a third person walks along.	Two people carry a captured animal that they will eat for dinner.	neutral
17247	Two people carry a captured animal between them while a third person walks along.	Three guys are walking their dog around.	contradiction
17248	Two men are carrying an animal carcass while accompanied by third.	The animal is carrying three men after finishing its hunt.	contradiction
17249	Two men are carrying an animal carcass while accompanied by third.	The men are carrying an animal carcass.	entailment
17250	Two men are carrying an animal carcass while accompanied by third.	They have just finished hunting for the day.	neutral
17251	Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains.	The musician is playing drums.	contradiction
17252	Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains.	A boy has an animal.	entailment
17253	Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains.	The boy is on vacation and playing with a monkey.	neutral
17254	A woman in a tan tunic leans against a gate.	A woman is wearing a tunic.	entailment
17255	A woman in a tan tunic leans against a gate.	A woman is not wearing a tunic.	contradiction
17256	A woman in a tan tunic leans against a gate.	A woman is standing outside.	neutral
17257	An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot.	A woman is watching the man	neutral
17258	An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot.	A man is outside	entailment
17259	An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot.	Two women are swimming	contradiction
17260	Woman in tan dress gazes into the distance with curious expression.	Woman dress is great	neutral
17261	Woman in tan dress gazes into the distance with curious expression.	Woman have great expression	entailment
17262	Woman in tan dress gazes into the distance with curious expression.	Woman wearing outfit.	contradiction
17263	A woman with short hair in what appears to be a busy public complex, with a purse slung over her shoulder.	A woman is taking a nap in her house.	contradiction
17264	A woman with short hair in what appears to be a busy public complex, with a purse slung over her shoulder.	A young woman is waiting for the train.	neutral
17265	A woman with short hair in what appears to be a busy public complex, with a purse slung over her shoulder.	A person with something on her shoulder.	entailment
17266	A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence.	A girl sitting on the fencepost.	contradiction
17267	A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence.	A woman leaning on a rail.	contradiction
17268	A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence.	A woman by a fence.	entailment
17269	A woman is standing by a metal fence looking at something.	A woman by a fence looking at a dog.	neutral
17270	A woman is standing by a metal fence looking at something.	A woman sitting by a wood fence.	contradiction
17271	A woman is standing by a metal fence looking at something.	A woman by a fence.	entailment
17272	A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean.	A dog plays fetch with a stick in the ocean.	neutral
17273	A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean.	A dog stands in the ocean.	contradiction
17274	A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean.	A dog swims while carrying a stick.	entailment
17275	Two nuns stand on the street.	Two nuns stand on a street after laving a bar.	neutral
17276	Two nuns stand on the street.	The street has two nuns standing on it.	entailment
17277	Two nuns stand on the street.	Two kids playing in a park.	contradiction
17278	A man with a gray collar shirt purchases ice cream from a man with an ice cram cart while a child observes.	The man is buying ice cream for the child.	neutral
17279	A man with a gray collar shirt purchases ice cream from a man with an ice cram cart while a child observes.	The child is not paying attention to the man.	contradiction
17280	A man with a gray collar shirt purchases ice cream from a man with an ice cram cart while a child observes.	The child is watching the man in a grey shirt buy ice cream from the ice cream man with the cart.	entailment
17281	A man in a blue shirt and yellow hat wears a backpack and sells ice cream treats to another man and a young girl from a cart on the street.	A man is selling a hot dog to two boys.	contradiction
17282	A man in a blue shirt and yellow hat wears a backpack and sells ice cream treats to another man and a young girl from a cart on the street.	Two people are buying ice cream from a man.	entailment
17283	A man in a blue shirt and yellow hat wears a backpack and sells ice cream treats to another man and a young girl from a cart on the street.	The vendor is selling a waffle cone to a man and his daughter.	neutral
17284	A young girl in striped pajamas holding her arms up.	The girl is outside in the rain.	neutral
17285	A young girl in striped pajamas holding her arms up.	The girl is inside her home.	entailment
17286	A young girl in striped pajamas holding her arms up.	The girl is ready for bed.	neutral
17287	Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents.	The tents are black	contradiction
17288	Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents.	The people are around white tents	entailment
17289	Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents.	The tents are yurts	neutral
17290	A man selling ice cream from the sidewalk.	ice cream seller selling ice cream	entailment
17291	A man selling ice cream from the sidewalk.	seller sales vegetable	contradiction
17292	A man selling ice cream from the sidewalk.	childrens eating ice cream	contradiction
17293	A family gathered opening presents.	A family is wrapping presents.	contradiction
17294	A family gathered opening presents.	A family is opening presents.	entailment
17295	A family gathered opening presents.	A family is opening presents on Christmas.	neutral
17296	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The boaters are just finished with their days work.	neutral
17297	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The boaters are outside near the water.	entailment
17298	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	Some green mountains are situated by a lake.	entailment
17299	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	A feast is about to occur at this lake.	entailment
17300	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	There are too many boats on the water	neutral
17301	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The men will release all of the fish they catch	contradiction
17302	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The group is climbing mount Everest.	contradiction
17303	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The festival will last several days.	neutral
17304	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The feast is occurring at a catering hall.	contradiction
17305	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	It is someones birthday.	neutral
17306	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The boaters are walking along a flat plain with nothing but flat land in site.	contradiction
17307	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	A jet ski rides some waves on a lake.	contradiction
17308	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	Some fishermen are out on the water	entailment
17309	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	The large group is preparing a feast.	entailment
17310	A group of boaters in a village fish in collection of meat to feast a large group festival which will take place in the middle of these beautiful green mountains, along side of this lake.	Boaters catch some fish in a large net.	neutral
17311	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The people are on the water	entailment
17312	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	A tall man is pushing a covered wooden boat.	neutral
17313	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	There are 2 people in the boat	neutral
17314	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	a woman is in a boat	entailment
17315	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The boat is on land.	contradiction
17316	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	the boat floats ona  sea of fire	contradiction
17317	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The people are inside watching TV	contradiction
17318	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The boat is driving through the air.	contradiction
17319	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The boat is in the water	entailment
17320	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The gondola is taking the woman for a leisurely boat ride	neutral
17321	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The boat is being undocked.	entailment
17322	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	There is a man burning a boat.	contradiction
17323	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	the woman are in a relationaship	neutral
17324	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	The man is going to jump into the boat.	neutral
17325	A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.	A person is pushing a wooden boat.	entailment
17326	A woman relaxing in a gondola on the river, surrounded by beautiful trees.	A woman is relaxing on a gondola in calm water on a beautiful sunny day.	neutral
17327	A woman relaxing in a gondola on the river, surrounded by beautiful trees.	A woman in a gondola is floating on the river.	entailment
17328	A woman relaxing in a gondola on the river, surrounded by beautiful trees.	A woman is riding a jet ski through the river.	contradiction
17329	A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river.	A young guy uses a pole to guide his new vessel.	neutral
17330	A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river.	A fellow sails on a glassy lake.	contradiction
17331	A man is steering a ship with a long pole along a tree-lined river.	A boat goes down a river.	entailment
17332	Man in orange shirt thinking while drinking a margarita.	A man in an orange shirt is drinking a margarita.	entailment
17333	Man in orange shirt thinking while drinking a margarita.	The man is an alcoholic.	neutral
17334	Man in orange shirt thinking while drinking a margarita.	The man is wearing a blue shirt.	contradiction
17335	A young boy smiling in the woods.	A boy in the woods posing.	entailment
17336	A young boy smiling in the woods.	A young girl smiling at the beach.	contradiction
17337	A young boy smiling in the woods.	A young boy holding a shotgun poses in the woods.	neutral
17338	A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.	A boy kneels and smiles outdoors.	entailment
17339	A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.	A crying boy huddles in the corner of the room.	contradiction
17340	A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.	A boy discovered a surprising mushroom specimen.	neutral
17341	A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill.	A boy climbs a hill chasing a young girl.	neutral
17342	A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill.	A boy climbs a ladder to reach the roof.	contradiction
17343	A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill.	A boy climbs a forest hill.	entailment
17344	Rural farm workers unloading the crops from one boat to another.	Rural farm workers are hard at work.	entailment
17345	Rural farm workers unloading the crops from one boat to another.	Rural farmers are loading things into a truck.	contradiction
17346	Rural farm workers unloading the crops from one boat to another.	Rural farm workers talk to each other while they're working.	neutral
17347	Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball.	Two dogs tussle in the snow.	entailment
17348	Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball.	Two dog try to catch the same rabbit.	contradiction
17349	Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball.	Two dogs try to fetch the same ball.	entailment
17350	A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning.	A mother and her children talk about the good times they had during the year.	neutral
17351	A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning.	A mother and children cut into a large pizza.	contradiction
17352	A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning.	A mother and kids enjoy each other's company.	entailment
17353	A family opening up their Christmas presents.	A group of individuals are opening gifts.	entailment
17354	A family opening up their Christmas presents.	Some blood relations tear the wrapping paper off of boxes.	neutral
17355	A family opening up their Christmas presents.	Some strangers ignore the empty boxes that clutter the street.	contradiction
17356	Older women and younger girl are opening presents up.	It is the younger girl's birthday.	neutral
17357	Older women and younger girl are opening presents up.	Both people in the photo are female.	entailment
17358	Older women and younger girl are opening presents up.	The older woman and younger girl are wrapping gifts.	contradiction
17359	A woman holds a sleeping baby.	The baby is wide awake.	contradiction
17360	A woman holds a sleeping baby.	The baby has their eyes closed.	entailment
17361	A woman holds a sleeping baby.	The baby is female.	neutral
17362	A little girl opening a Christmas present.	The boy is opening a present.	contradiction
17363	A little girl opening a Christmas present.	The girl is little.	entailment
17364	A little girl opening a Christmas present.	The girl is happy.	neutral
17365	A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park.	A Jewish boy is listening to his grandfather play Beethoven on his violin.	neutral
17366	A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park.	A boy and his grandpa are eating ice cream inside.	contradiction
17367	A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park.	Two people are in a park.	entailment
17368	A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding.	A little boy is holding the bride's boquet.	contradiction
17369	A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding.	A little boy is holding a wedding ring.	entailment
17370	A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding.	The little boy is the ring bearer at a wedding.	neutral
17371	A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city.	A girl is laying down in her class.	contradiction
17372	A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city.	A girl is in a pink outfit.	entailment
17373	A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city.	A girl is wearing clothes.	neutral
17374	Construction workers hard at work	The men are too lazy to work.	contradiction
17375	Construction workers hard at work	The men in orange are working hard.	neutral
17376	Construction workers hard at work	The people are working hard.	entailment
17377	two men working in a service tunnel.	They are replacing burned out lights.	neutral
17378	two men working in a service tunnel.	A pair of men working in a service tunnel.	entailment
17379	two men working in a service tunnel.	Two women are working in a service tunnel.	contradiction
17380	Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel.	Men are working on the road in the tunnel.	neutral
17381	Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel.	Men are inside a tunnel.	entailment
17382	Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel.	Men are standing on top of the mountain.	contradiction
17383	A group of runners are entering the finish line from a race over a blue mat.	Runners finish the race.	entailment
17384	A group of runners are entering the finish line from a race over a blue mat.	People are in wheelchairs.	contradiction
17385	A group of runners are entering the finish line from a race over a blue mat.	Runners finish the Boston Marathon.	neutral
17386	Two men wearing orange safety jackets working on repairing electrical lines in the tunnel underground.	There are three women doing a kick routine in the rain.	contradiction
17387	Two men wearing orange safety jackets working on repairing electrical lines in the tunnel underground.	The men are fixing something.	entailment
17388	Two men wearing orange safety jackets working on repairing electrical lines in the tunnel underground.	The men work for the power company.	neutral
17389	A man and woman looking at a cellphone.	car follows bus	contradiction
17390	A man and woman looking at a cellphone.	people watch youtube	neutral
17391	A man and woman looking at a cellphone.	people look at phone	entailment
17392	A man in a gray shirt doing laundry in his laundry room.	The man is at the doctor's office.	contradiction
17393	A man in a gray shirt doing laundry in his laundry room.	A man is inside.	entailment
17394	A man in a gray shirt doing laundry in his laundry room.	A man is washing his clothes so that he has something clean to wear for his job interview.	neutral
17395	Two boys play in a kitchen.	Two women cooking	contradiction
17396	Two boys play in a kitchen.	Two people about to cook	neutral
17397	Two boys play in a kitchen.	Two people in a kitchen	entailment
17398	An Asian woman holding a phone talking to a man wearing glasses and holding onto a map.	the couple are in church praying	contradiction
17399	An Asian woman holding a phone talking to a man wearing glasses and holding onto a map.	the couple are tourists	neutral
17400	An Asian woman holding a phone talking to a man wearing glasses and holding onto a map.	there are two people next to each other	entailment
17401	A woman is showing a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a busy street.	The woman asks if the man wants to go out with her.	contradiction
17402	A woman is showing a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a busy street.	A man and a woman standing in the street.	entailment
17403	A woman is showing a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a busy street.	The woman shows his problem to his collegue on the phone.	neutral
17404	A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street.	A woman shows a man something of interest on her phone.	entailment
17405	A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street.	A woman attempts to blind a man with a flash of light.	contradiction
17406	A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street.	A woman and a man are taking pictures of others.	neutral
17407	A man walking through town carrying his goods.	A man walking through town after shopping.	neutral
17408	A man walking through town carrying his goods.	A man walking.	entailment
17409	A man walking through town carrying his goods.	A man sleeping on his couch.	contradiction
17410	Dog swimming in the water with a stick.	A dog is flying through the air	contradiction
17411	Dog swimming in the water with a stick.	A dog is swimming	entailment
17412	Dog swimming in the water with a stick.	A dog is outside in the pool	neutral
17413	A man painting over graffiti.	A man is cleaning up the graffiti on a wall.	neutral
17414	A man painting over graffiti.	A man is covering graffiti with paint.	entailment
17415	A man painting over graffiti.	A man is using graffiti on his body.	contradiction
17416	A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child's playground.	man with fire at playground	entailment
17417	A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child's playground.	woman on fire at the park	contradiction
17418	A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child's playground.	man setting fire with kids watching	neutral
17419	A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire.	A man is holding sticks that are on fire.	entailment
17420	A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire.	A woman is holding four flaming torches.	contradiction
17421	A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire.	A man is juggling flaming sticks.	neutral
17422	A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand.	A man is outside.	entailment
17423	A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
17424	A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand.	A man is putting on a show.	neutral
17425	A man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall	The man is at the art museum looking at paintings.	entailment
17426	A man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall	A naked man runs into the cold water as part of the annual polar bear club event.	contradiction
17427	A man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall	The man sees the famous Dega painting that the store had on loan from the Gardner Musuem.	neutral
17428	A woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar.	A woman is rocking herself out of her own chair.	neutral
17429	A woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar.	A person is playing an instrument	entailment
17430	A woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar.	A woman is standing still	contradiction
17431	A man posing on a tall desert hillside.	A man is standing and looking at the animals.	neutral
17432	A man posing on a tall desert hillside.	A man is standing on a desert hill.	entailment
17433	A man posing on a tall desert hillside.	A man is watching TV.	contradiction
17434	A man wearing a sunhat and carrying a rucksack poses on the side of a desert hill.	A young man posing next to a truck in the desert.	contradiction
17435	A man wearing a sunhat and carrying a rucksack poses on the side of a desert hill.	A women wearing glasses.	contradiction
17436	A man wearing a sunhat and carrying a rucksack poses on the side of a desert hill.	A person posing in the desert.	entailment
17437	A man in a white shirt and Khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain.	The man is climbing the sun.	contradiction
17438	A man in a white shirt and Khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain.	The man is wearing clothes.	entailment
17439	A man in a white shirt and Khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain.	The man is a good climber.	neutral
17440	A dessert mountain with a man wearing a hat standing on the hillside.	A dessert mountain with a tall man in a green hat standing on the hillside.	neutral
17441	A dessert mountain with a man wearing a hat standing on the hillside.	A dessert mountain litered with peolple in hats.	contradiction
17442	A dessert mountain with a man wearing a hat standing on the hillside.	A dessert mountain with a person standing on it.	entailment
17443	A man wearing straw hat is hiking while looking at the camera.	A man is hiking.	entailment
17444	A man wearing straw hat is hiking while looking at the camera.	A man is sitting at the base of a mountain.	contradiction
17445	A man wearing straw hat is hiking while looking at the camera.	A man is hiking to meet his friends at the top a hill.	neutral
17446	A man jumps in the air in the middle of a road.	The man is trying to catch his bird that got loose.	neutral
17447	A man jumps in the air in the middle of a road.	There is a man in the road.	entailment
17448	A man jumps in the air in the middle of a road.	The man is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
17449	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	The person is being run over on the road.	contradiction
17450	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	The person is jumping.	entailment
17451	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	The person is excited.	neutral
17452	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	There is someone outside.	entailment
17453	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	the person is in the church preaching	contradiction
17454	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	A man is sitting in a chair.	contradiction
17455	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	two men jump on a beach	contradiction
17456	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	someone jumps in the middle of a road	entailment
17457	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	Person sitting in the roadway	contradiction
17458	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	the person is a woman	neutral
17459	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	Person jumping in the road	entailment
17460	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	a guy jumps to avoid a spider in the road	neutral
17461	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	A man performs at a street fair.	neutral
17462	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	Person playing basketball in the road jumping to score	neutral
17463	A person is jumping in the air in the center of a roadway.	a person jumping	entailment
17464	Man jumps alone on a desert road with mountains in the background.	A man jumps alone	neutral
17465	Man jumps alone on a desert road with mountains in the background.	A man is sleeping	contradiction
17466	Man jumps alone on a desert road with mountains in the background.	A man jumps on the desert road	entailment
17467	Very excitable man jumping in the air over the double yellow lines on a deserted highway.	The man is happy	neutral
17468	Very excitable man jumping in the air over the double yellow lines on a deserted highway.	The man is standing still	contradiction
17469	Very excitable man jumping in the air over the double yellow lines on a deserted highway.	A man is very excitable	entailment
17470	Hawaiian male playing ukulele.	Man playing an instrument.	neutral
17471	Hawaiian male playing ukulele.	Japanese man sleeping.	contradiction
17472	Hawaiian male playing ukulele.	Man playing ukulele.	entailment
17473	cheering for a very famous person	Shouting for a famous person while asking for their autograph.	neutral
17474	cheering for a very famous person	Shouting loudly for a person.	entailment
17475	cheering for a very famous person	Sleeping on a bench waiting for the sunrise.	contradiction
17476	A dog standing on a beach.	A dog is waiting for his master.	neutral
17477	A dog standing on a beach.	A dog is outdoors.	entailment
17478	A dog standing on a beach.	A cat is playing in the desert.	contradiction
17479	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A little boy is enjoying the sunset.	neutral
17480	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A little boy is having an evening bath outside.	entailment
17481	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A boy is swimming during evening	neutral
17482	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A little boy plays during a sunset	entailment
17483	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A little boy is enjoying the weather.	entailment
17484	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A child is washing his face in the river in the evening.	neutral
17485	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A boy is in bed.	contradiction
17486	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	the boy is ten years old	neutral
17487	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	A boy is swimming suring sunrise	contradiction
17488	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	the boy is at school reading	contradiction
17489	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	Nature is beautiful.	entailment
17490	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	The boy is having a grilled hot dog.	contradiction
17491	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	Bob Ross may have painted this very scene.	neutral
17492	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	the boy is wet	entailment
17493	A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background.	The little boy turned out to be a gremlin.	contradiction
17494	The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them.	Some people standing up laughing.	contradiction
17495	The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them.	Some people sitting on the ground.	entailment
17496	The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them.	Some people sitting on the ground around a fire.	neutral
17497	Cowboy riding a bull wearing a blue vest.	A man is riding a bull in a contest.	neutral
17498	Cowboy riding a bull wearing a blue vest.	A man is riding an animal.	entailment
17499	Cowboy riding a bull wearing a blue vest.	A woman is riding a horse.	contradiction
17500	A man in a black cowboy hat holds on as his horse rears up.	A man is in a horse riding competition.	neutral
17501	A man in a black cowboy hat holds on as his horse rears up.	A man is riding a horse.	entailment
17502	A man in a black cowboy hat holds on as his horse rears up.	A man is riding a bull.	contradiction
17503	A man on a horse galloping onto its back two feet.	The horse is galloping	entailment
17504	A man on a horse galloping onto its back two feet.	The horse is on two feet	entailment
17505	A man on a horse galloping onto its back two feet.	A horse walking on two feet.	contradiction
17506	Three women jump happily after finishing a road race.	A woman is sad.	contradiction
17507	Three women jump happily after finishing a road race.	A women is competing.	entailment
17508	Three women jump happily after finishing a road race.	A woman won a race.	neutral
17509	Man riding a bucking bronco!	Man hangs onto wild horse for dear life!	entailment
17510	Man riding a bucking bronco!	Wow, this cowboy is staying on that bucking bronco longer than any of the other contestants at the rodeo!	neutral
17511	Man riding a bucking bronco!	Woman wrestles alligator!	contradiction
17512	A cowboy in a blue vest is riding a brahma bull, a man in a multicolored shirt is standing in the background.	a bull sleeps after a meal	contradiction
17513	A cowboy in a blue vest is riding a brahma bull, a man in a multicolored shirt is standing in the background.	a cowboy shows off	neutral
17514	A cowboy in a blue vest is riding a brahma bull, a man in a multicolored shirt is standing in the background.	a man in a vest rides a bull in front of another	entailment
17515	A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment.	Cowboy holds onto his hat and goes for his 8 second record.	neutral
17516	A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment.	Business man adjusts tie in front of mirror.	contradiction
17517	A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment.	Man holds on.	entailment
17518	A cowboy with a black hat is riding a bull at the rodeo	The cowboy is dirty.	entailment
17519	A cowboy with a black hat is riding a bull at the rodeo	The bull is going to throw the cowboy off.	neutral
17520	A cowboy with a black hat is riding a bull at the rodeo	Cowboys do not wear black hats.	contradiction
17521	Three people singing on a stage.	Three women are giving a vocal performance.	neutral
17522	Three people singing on a stage.	There are people giving a vocal performance.	entailment
17523	Three people singing on a stage.	Three people are playing flutes.	contradiction
17524	A man standing in front of a yellow building	The man is walking in front of a yellow building.	neutral
17525	A man standing in front of a yellow building	The woman is running in front of a yellow building.	contradiction
17526	A man standing in front of a yellow building	The man is standing in front of a yellow building.	entailment
17527	A man in black shirt is taking pictures in a big crowd.	There is barely anyone around	contradiction
17528	A man in black shirt is taking pictures in a big crowd.	A man is taking pictures	entailment
17529	A man in black shirt is taking pictures in a big crowd.	The crowd is watching someone perform	neutral
17530	Three young people in red shirts with Triple Threat Sports inscribed are at a ballgame.	three young people at a ballgame for opening day	neutral
17531	Three young people in red shirts with Triple Threat Sports inscribed are at a ballgame.	three stooges on television	contradiction
17532	Three young people in red shirts with Triple Threat Sports inscribed are at a ballgame.	three young people at a ballgame	entailment
17533	A young girl in a softball shirt waves and smiles.	A boy is doing the dishes.	contradiction
17534	A young girl in a softball shirt waves and smiles.	A girl is playing in a tournament.	neutral
17535	A young girl in a softball shirt waves and smiles.	A girl is smiling.	entailment
17536	A young girl wearing a baseball or softball glove is raising her other hand while two kids stand behind her.	The kids are at a baseball game	neutral
17537	A young girl wearing a baseball or softball glove is raising her other hand while two kids stand behind her.	The kids are all together	entailment
17538	A young girl wearing a baseball or softball glove is raising her other hand while two kids stand behind her.	No one is around	contradiction
17539	A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove.	a young girl with a glove	entailment
17540	A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove.	a young girl catches a ball in the glove	contradiction
17541	A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove.	ayoung girl prepares for a game	neutral
17542	going down in football game	Someone woke up at a baseball game	contradiction
17543	going down in football game	Someone went down the bleachers at a football game.	neutral
17544	going down in football game	Going down in a game.	entailment
17545	A man in a blue suit walks in front of a group of choir singers dressed in green.	Choir singers singing while wearing green clothing.	neutral
17546	A man in a blue suit walks in front of a group of choir singers dressed in green.	Choir singers wearing green clothing.	entailment
17547	A man in a blue suit walks in front of a group of choir singers dressed in green.	Choir singers dressed in white.	contradiction
17548	In a football match, a Panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football.	A man is cutting the grass.	contradiction
17549	In a football match, a Panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football.	A running back holds onto the ball.	entailment
17550	In a football match, a Panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football.	A player is trying to score a touchdown.	neutral
17551	A football player holding a football rolling on the field with three other football players watching him.	A football player rolling on the field.	entailment
17552	A football player holding a football rolling on the field with three other football players watching him.	A football player fell onto the field.	neutral
17553	A football player holding a football rolling on the field with three other football players watching him.	A football player runs across the field.	contradiction
17554	A football player lands on his head.	The football player landing awkwardly on his head.	entailment
17555	A football player lands on his head.	The football player damaged his neck.	neutral
17556	A football player lands on his head.	The football player stands on the sideline.	contradiction
17557	Man in green shirt eating.	A man is sitting at a table.	neutral
17558	Man in green shirt eating.	A man is eating.	entailment
17559	Man in green shirt eating.	A man is washing laundry.	contradiction
17560	A man wearing swim trunks is cooling off after a dive in the water.	The man wearing a tank top is cooling after the swim in the water.	neutral
17561	A man wearing swim trunks is cooling off after a dive in the water.	The man is running in the water.	contradiction
17562	A man wearing swim trunks is cooling off after a dive in the water.	The man is cooling off after the swim in the water.	entailment
17563	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	He is a professional swimmer.	neutral
17564	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	He is competing.	neutral
17565	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	A man just got out of the pool.	entailment
17566	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	A man comes out of the swimming pool.	entailment
17567	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	A man comes out of the gene pool after swimming.	contradiction
17568	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	There are multiple people present.	entailment
17569	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	There is no one else by the pool.	contradiction
17570	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	The man is outdoors	entailment
17571	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	The man just completed 25 laps in the pool	neutral
17572	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	A man is hungry after swimming for many hours.	neutral
17573	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	The man is eating toast in hie kitchen	contradiction
17574	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	A slowly man comes out of the swimming pool.	neutral
17575	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	The man is dry.	contradiction
17576	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	People are looking at a man coming out of a pool.	entailment
17577	A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on.	Two cats jump into a lake.	contradiction
17578	A man wearing goggles exits a pool by the ladder.	A man is wearing goggles.	entailment
17579	A man wearing goggles exits a pool by the ladder.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
17580	A man wearing goggles exits a pool by the ladder.	A man was swimming.	neutral
17581	A man in goggles is getting out of a swimming pool.	A man in a canoe.	contradiction
17582	A man in goggles is getting out of a swimming pool.	A man at swimming practice.	neutral
17583	A man in goggles is getting out of a swimming pool.	A man exiting a swimming pool.	entailment
17584	Four older gentlemen playing wind instruments on a stage.	There are men on stage.	entailment
17585	Four older gentlemen playing wind instruments on a stage.	The men are friends.	neutral
17586	Four older gentlemen playing wind instruments on a stage.	There are only women on the stage.	contradiction
17587	The picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding.	The band sits together in their livingroom.	contradiction
17588	The picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding.	The band is playing the Wedding March.	neutral
17589	The picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding.	A band plays music at a wedding.	entailment
17590	four men sit on a stage playing woodwind instruments looking at the four music stands in front of them which have the words The Thistle on them.	Four men are playing the Thistle on Oboes.	neutral
17591	four men sit on a stage playing woodwind instruments looking at the four music stands in front of them which have the words The Thistle on them.	Four men are standing in a room holding instruments.	entailment
17592	four men sit on a stage playing woodwind instruments looking at the four music stands in front of them which have the words The Thistle on them.	A group of men are playing The Thistle on instruments.	entailment
17593	Four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes.	Some people play music.	entailment
17594	Four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes.	Some people play music at a cafe.	neutral
17595	Four men in black suits play instruments in front of bushes.	Some people sleep on a plane.	contradiction
17596	The men are having a pillow fight outside.	They are having a pillow fight indoors.	contradiction
17597	The men are having a pillow fight outside.	They are all friends.	neutral
17598	The men are having a pillow fight outside.	Men are having a pillow fight.	entailment
17599	Two young men are engaged in a pillow fight outdoors in the city.	The men are near pillows.	entailment
17600	Two young men are engaged in a pillow fight outdoors in the city.	The men are in their pajamas.	neutral
17601	Two young men are engaged in a pillow fight outdoors in the city.	The men are in the middle of forest.	contradiction
17602	Two young men wearing bright colors are having a pillow fight in a courtyard.	the men are young	entailment
17603	Two young men wearing bright colors are having a pillow fight in a courtyard.	The men are in dark colors	contradiction
17604	Two young men wearing bright colors are having a pillow fight in a courtyard.	The men are together.	neutral
17605	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	There are two teenage females who are at a beach.	neutral
17606	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	They are at school watching a football game	contradiction
17607	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Two women are outside	entailment
17608	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Two teenagers are near water	entailment
17609	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	The women are posing indoors in front of a couch	contradiction
17610	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Two teenage males are in bikinis near a puddle.	contradiction
17611	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Two teens are posing in bikinis near the ocean	neutral
17612	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	THey are in swimsuits	neutral
17613	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	A dog in a field watches bees lazily fly from flower to flower.	contradiction
17614	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	There are two teenage females.	entailment
17615	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	There are three teenage males at home.	contradiction
17616	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Girls close to each other positioning their bodies in different ways.	entailment
17617	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	THey are outside.	entailment
17618	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Women are posing seductively by the lake	neutral
17619	two teenage females are posing near a body of water.	Girls on the beach trying to show off to young men.	neutral
17620	Two boys are fooling around with pillows.	The pillows are red.	neutral
17621	Two boys are fooling around with pillows.	There is only one boy.	contradiction
17622	Two boys are fooling around with pillows.	There are two boys.	entailment
17623	A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs.	A person is taking dogs for a walk.	entailment
17624	A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs.	A grey-haired woman is sitting with her dogs.	contradiction
17625	A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs.	A woman with rainbow-dyed hair is walking dogs on their leashes.	neutral
17626	A person in a motocross uniform, and wearing a helmet, rides a red motorcycle.	A person in a motocross uniform is riding a blue motorycle.	contradiction
17627	A person in a motocross uniform, and wearing a helmet, rides a red motorcycle.	A person rides a red motorcycle.	entailment
17628	A person in a motocross uniform, and wearing a helmet, rides a red motorcycle.	A person is in a motorcycle race.	neutral
17629	Five people examine a boat in a harbor.	Several individuals are inspecting a boat in the harbor.	entailment
17630	Five people examine a boat in a harbor.	Several men and women are looking at a yacht moored in the harbor.	neutral
17631	Five people examine a boat in a harbor.	Two men from the Coast Guard are in a small boat heading out to sea.	contradiction
17632	A man with a beard holds a bag of fruit.	A bearded person is holding a sack of bananas.	neutral
17633	A man with a beard holds a bag of fruit.	The man is doing a handstand.	contradiction
17634	A man with a beard holds a bag of fruit.	An individual carries some food.	entailment
17635	Six people box apples in a grassy fields with leaves turning colors in the background.	Six people working in an orange grove.	contradiction
17636	Six people box apples in a grassy fields with leaves turning colors in the background.	People boxing apples.	entailment
17637	Six people box apples in a grassy fields with leaves turning colors in the background.	People doing work at the orchard in fall.	neutral
17638	Group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food.	Tall humans packing	neutral
17639	Group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food.	Humans packing	entailment
17640	Group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food.	Nobody is packing	contradiction
17641	A girl laying on something that floats in water while wearing a bathing suit.	The sun is bearing down on the girl.	neutral
17642	A girl laying on something that floats in water while wearing a bathing suit.	The girl is floating in the pool.	entailment
17643	A girl laying on something that floats in water while wearing a bathing suit.	The girl is walking thru the snow.	contradiction
17644	Children watch two boys playing a video game.	Kids are watching boys playing video games.	entailment
17645	Children watch two boys playing a video game.	Kids are playing outside.	contradiction
17646	Children watch two boys playing a video game.	Kids are watching boys playing video games to learn.	neutral
17647	Two teenagers are playing Nintendo Wii while other teens look on.	Two teenagers are playing the wii in a room alone.	contradiction
17648	Two teenagers are playing Nintendo Wii while other teens look on.	Teenagers playing a console.	entailment
17649	Two teenagers are playing Nintendo Wii while other teens look on.	Two teenagers play the wii while the others wait their turn.	neutral
17650	A group of kids are in a white room with many chairs watching a boy and red and a boy in blue play video games on a Wii.	A kid is showing his video game talent to his friends.	neutral
17651	A group of kids are in a white room with many chairs watching a boy and red and a boy in blue play video games on a Wii.	The kids are not currently outside playing.	entailment
17652	A group of kids are in a white room with many chairs watching a boy and red and a boy in blue play video games on a Wii.	A group of kids are outside playing in a sandbox.	contradiction
17653	Kids are playing video games.	Boys and girls are playing video games in the basement.	neutral
17654	Kids are playing video games.	Kids are playing Grand Theft Auto.	neutral
17655	Kids are playing video games.	A teacher is grading papers.	contradiction
17656	A group of people committed to getting the job done in synergy.	There are people in factory.	entailment
17657	A group of people committed to getting the job done in synergy.	The people are walking in the church.	contradiction
17658	A group of people committed to getting the job done in synergy.	The people are rushing to job.	neutral
17659	A group working together to pull something to shore.	The people are releasing sea turtles into the ocean.	contradiction
17660	A group working together to pull something to shore.	The people gathered outside work together.	entailment
17661	A group working together to pull something to shore.	The people are pulling a rowboat to shore.	neutral
17662	A group of mostly black men work together to pull a rope on the rocky shore.	The group of men were helping someone out.	neutral
17663	A group of mostly black men work together to pull a rope on the rocky shore.	A group of white men pulled the rope to the shore.	contradiction
17664	A group of mostly black men work together to pull a rope on the rocky shore.	The group of men used teamwork.	entailment
17665	Several men are in front of a large body of water, pulling on a rope.	The men are trying to rescue someone from the water.	neutral
17666	Several men are in front of a large body of water, pulling on a rope.	The men are outside.	entailment
17667	Several men are in front of a large body of water, pulling on a rope.	The men are laying in the grass.	contradiction
17668	Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large, green statue.	The people walking down the street are in a protest.	neutral
17669	Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large, green statue.	The streets are empty of people today.	contradiction
17670	Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large, green statue.	There are a bunch of people walking down the street.	entailment
17671	People carrying shopping bags in a open air market.	the people are relaxing	contradiction
17672	People carrying shopping bags in a open air market.	the people went shopping	entailment
17673	People carrying shopping bags in a open air market.	the people found some good deals	neutral
17674	People shop at an outdoor fruit market.	People are browsing for fruits.	entailment
17675	People shop at an outdoor fruit market.	The people came to the fruit market because of the big sale.	neutral
17676	People shop at an outdoor fruit market.	There is nobody at the fruit market.	contradiction
17677	People shopping in busy area.	A ghost town sits along the highway.	contradiction
17678	People shopping in busy area.	Some of the people are buying clothes.	neutral
17679	People shopping in busy area.	The area is busy will people who are shopping.	entailment
17680	A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on.	The man is pushing a child.	entailment
17681	A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on.	The man pushes a dog through a hole in the fence.	contradiction
17682	A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on.	The child is screaming.	neutral
17683	A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.	A balding male kicks a stone into a pond.	contradiction
17684	A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.	A balding male rides a unicycle down a road.	entailment
17685	A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.	A balding male rides his unicycle down the street towards his home.	neutral
17686	A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street.	A man in a green shirt rides a skateboard on the street.	contradiction
17687	A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street.	The unicyclist wears a blue shirt.	entailment
17688	A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street.	A man completes the marathon route on a unicycle.	neutral
17689	A man wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street.	A clown riding a unicycle.	neutral
17690	A man wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street.	A woman riding a tricycle.	contradiction
17691	A man wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street.	A man riding a unicycle.	entailment
17692	A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street.	man riding a cycle in the outdoor.	entailment
17693	A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street.	boys are running in the home.	contradiction
17694	A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street.	man participate in the cycle race.	neutral
17695	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	A man rides a bicycle down the street.	contradiction
17696	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	A man rides a vehicle outdoors.	entailment
17697	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	A clown rides a unicycle down the road.	neutral
17698	an infant screams from the backseat of a cab.	Two guys ride in the back of a cab.	contradiction
17699	an infant screams from the backseat of a cab.	A baby yells in the back of a cab.	entailment
17700	an infant screams from the backseat of a cab.	A baby is crying in the back of a yellow cab.	neutral
17701	A child in the backseat of a car with the number 0095 yells.	A child's in a car.	entailment
17702	A child in the backseat of a car with the number 0095 yells.	A child is in the house.	contradiction
17703	A child in the backseat of a car with the number 0095 yells.	A child is in a cop car.	neutral
17704	A baby is crying inside of a white car with red and yellow stripes.	A baby is crying inside of her car.	neutral
17705	A baby is crying inside of a white car with red and yellow stripes.	The baby is laughing in the crib.	contradiction
17706	A baby is crying inside of a white car with red and yellow stripes.	A baby is crying in the white car.	entailment
17707	A crying child in a parked car, clutches at the rolled down window.	a kid is in a grocery cart while his mom pushes him around	contradiction
17708	A crying child in a parked car, clutches at the rolled down window.	a kid in crying in the car	entailment
17709	A crying child in a parked car, clutches at the rolled down window.	a kid is crying in the car because his mom left them there unattended	neutral
17710	A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance.	A crowd cheers for a performance.	entailment
17711	A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance.	A crowd cheers for the award winning play.	neutral
17712	A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance.	A crowd waits for a performance to start.	contradiction
17713	A crowd of young people clap at a concert.	claps at function	neutral
17714	A crowd of young people clap at a concert.	couple watching tv	contradiction
17715	A crowd of young people clap at a concert.	applauses at function by group of young people	entailment
17716	A group of people are watching a concert outside.	People are enjoying their favorite band play.	neutral
17717	A group of people are watching a concert outside.	A bear sleeps in a cave.	contradiction
17718	A group of people are watching a concert outside.	People are at a concert.	entailment
17719	People dressed as angels are walking on a street near Pike's Market in Seattle, Washington (the sign in the background).	They masquerade as angels on the streets of a busy marketplace	entailment
17720	People dressed as angels are walking on a street near Pike's Market in Seattle, Washington (the sign in the background).	They dress as angels to recruit for their religion	neutral
17721	People dressed as angels are walking on a street near Pike's Market in Seattle, Washington (the sign in the background).	Real angels walk through the streets of Seattle	contradiction
17722	Man in a blue shirt walking on a bridge.	A man is walking on a bridge to see a friend.	neutral
17723	Man in a blue shirt walking on a bridge.	A man is walking on top of a car.	contradiction
17724	Man in a blue shirt walking on a bridge.	A man is walking.	entailment
17725	A man in a black shirt laying back with a bag of cookies in his hands.	A guy with cookies.	entailment
17726	A man in a black shirt laying back with a bag of cookies in his hands.	A man relaxes after work.	neutral
17727	A man in a black shirt laying back with a bag of cookies in his hands.	A woman plants vegetables.	contradiction
17728	A woman talking on a cellphone with a man and child.	A woman lost her cellphone	contradiction
17729	A woman talking on a cellphone with a man and child.	A woman is talking on a cellphone	entailment
17730	A woman talking on a cellphone with a man and child.	A woman is talking on a cellphone to her husband and child	neutral
17731	Three men are cooking in a large kitchen.	the men are making potato soup	neutral
17732	Three men are cooking in a large kitchen.	the men are cooking in the large kitchen	entailment
17733	Three men are cooking in a large kitchen.	ratatouille is actually cooking the soup	contradiction
17734	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three people are working.	entailment
17735	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The men are making eggrolls.	neutral
17736	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three men are eating food.	contradiction
17737	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Two women are working in the kitchen of an Italian restaurant.	contradiction
17738	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three men are being paid to prepare food.	neutral
17739	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The men are indoors.	entailment
17740	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The men are sitting outside.	contradiction
17741	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The men are making pepperoni pizza and Italian meatballs.	contradiction
17742	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	There are people in a kitchen.	entailment
17743	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three chefs are preparing for dinner.	neutral
17744	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three men are inside working in a kitchen.	entailment
17745	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The kitchen is very clean.	neutral
17746	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The women take out a hot plate of fried rice to the table.	contradiction
17747	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	The men are chopping onions.	neutral
17748	Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.	Three men are making Chinese food.	entailment
17749	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	chefs watch tv	contradiction
17750	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	People are cooking in a backyard.	contradiction
17751	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three chefs work together.	entailment
17752	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three chefs are at work.	entailment
17753	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	The chefs are in a cooking challenge	neutral
17754	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three chefs are playing poker	contradiction
17755	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	three chefs prepare food in a small kitchen	entailment
17756	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three chefs dance around each other easily in the cramped space, working well together.	neutral
17757	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	There are people cooking.	entailment
17758	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three chefs are trying at new recipes	neutral
17759	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	The chefs are playing soccer	contradiction
17760	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	chefs destroying a kitchen to produce lasagna	neutral
17761	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Three professional cooks making food.	entailment
17762	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	A man puts a frozen pizza in the microwave.	contradiction
17763	Three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.	Chefs cook entrees for guests in a busy restaurant.	neutral
17764	Three men are preparing food in a kitchen setting.	A family is playing checkers in their living room	contradiction
17765	Three men are preparing food in a kitchen setting.	Food is being prepared in a kitchen by three men	entailment
17766	Three men are preparing food in a kitchen setting.	A family is preparing food in a kitchen	neutral
17767	Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers.	The customers are waiting.	neutral
17768	Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers.	The restaurant is getting ready to open.	entailment
17769	Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers.	The restaurant is filled with customers.	contradiction
17770	A man is butchering swordfish.	a man cutting apart a fish.	entailment
17771	A man is butchering swordfish.	A fisherman guts his catch.	neutral
17772	A man is butchering swordfish.	A man bleeding a deer.	contradiction
17773	A man with a red and black shirt sells fish.	A man is selling fish.	entailment
17774	A man with a red and black shirt sells fish.	A man in a blue and white shirt buys fish.	contradiction
17775	A man with a red and black shirt sells fish.	A fisher is working hard to sell all the freshly caught fish from his morning catch.	neutral
17776	A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.	A person driving a car.	contradiction
17777	A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.	A person on a dirt bike.	entailment
17778	A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.	A man riding a dirt bike.	neutral
17779	A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.	the cyclist is on a bike	entailment
17780	A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.	The cyclist is doing atrick	neutral
17781	A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.	the cyclist is on a black bike	contradiction
17782	A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle.	They are doing tricks.	neutral
17783	A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle.	The person is riding the motorcycle.	entailment
17784	A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle.	The motorcycle is black and red.	contradiction
17785	There are several people in the photograph and you can not see their faces, but some of them are waving their arms around.	A group of people trying to get the attention of a man who has fallen into a lake.	neutral
17786	There are several people in the photograph and you can not see their faces, but some of them are waving their arms around.	A lion chases after a zebra in Africa.	contradiction
17787	There are several people in the photograph and you can not see their faces, but some of them are waving their arms around.	A group of people waving their arms around.	entailment
17788	A man chops up swordfish.	A man is cooking the fish.	neutral
17789	A man chops up swordfish.	A man slices the fish.	entailment
17790	A man chops up swordfish.	A man is singing.	contradiction
17791	Two toddlers are playing with toys on a table.	The children are playing with building blocks.	neutral
17792	Two toddlers are playing with toys on a table.	Two toddlers are bored and crying because they have nothing to do.	contradiction
17793	Two toddlers are playing with toys on a table.	Two small children are entertaining themselves.	entailment
17794	An Indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes.	The clothes are the only ones she has.	neutral
17795	An Indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes.	The woman is in the snow	contradiction
17796	An Indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes.	The woman is wet.	entailment
17797	A man sits on a bicycle harnessed to a metal pole.	The man had forgotten to consider bike locks in his theft plan.	neutral
17798	A man sits on a bicycle harnessed to a metal pole.	A bicycle is attached to a pole.	entailment
17799	A man sits on a bicycle harnessed to a metal pole.	A man stands on the ground next to a fence.	contradiction
17800	Two boy children, one wearing a helmet, play at a table in a room full of toys.	The children are playing.	entailment
17801	Two boy children, one wearing a helmet, play at a table in a room full of toys.	The kids are running for olympics.	contradiction
17802	Two boy children, one wearing a helmet, play at a table in a room full of toys.	The kids are playing war-like games.	neutral
17803	Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom.	Friends are running wild class is at home with kids	contradiction
17804	Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom.	Two friends are playing a puzzle at home	entailment
17805	Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom.	Two friends are playing a puzzle at home with there parents	neutral
17806	The boy with the blue helmet is playing with other boy.	Two boys are riding bikes.	neutral
17807	The boy with the blue helmet is playing with other boy.	Two boys are playing together.	entailment
17808	The boy with the blue helmet is playing with other boy.	Both boys are wearing pink helmets.	contradiction
17809	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	a lady back flips off of a city bus	contradiction
17810	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	Woman riding bike	entailment
17811	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	a lady rides her bike	entailment
17812	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman fishes	contradiction
17813	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	Guy riding streetcars	contradiction
17814	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman prepares food in a kitchen.	contradiction
17815	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A women is biking up a mountain.	contradiction
17816	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	Bike riding into beach water	neutral
17817	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman trains for a race	neutral
17818	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	a lady rides her bike to her house	neutral
17819	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A women is excercising.	neutral
17820	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman along the coast	entailment
17821	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman rides a bike.	entailment
17822	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A woman rides a bike at sunset.	neutral
17823	A woman is riding a bike along a beach.	A women is outside	entailment
17824	A woman is riding a bicycle on the beach.	A woman enjoying the sun on the beach	entailment
17825	A woman is riding a bicycle on the beach.	A group of women driving bicycles	neutral
17826	A woman is riding a bicycle on the beach.	A woman cooking in the kitchen	contradiction
17827	An attractive woman riding a bicycle on a beach.	The woman is getting some exercise.	entailment
17828	An attractive woman riding a bicycle on a beach.	A young girl is riding her bike.	contradiction
17829	An attractive woman riding a bicycle on a beach.	The woman is riding a pink bike on the boardwalk.	neutral
17830	A woman in a black bikini and white shorts rides a bicycle on the beach.	A woman in a black bikini rides a bike on the beach.	entailment
17831	A woman in a black bikini and white shorts rides a bicycle on the beach.	A woman is enjoying a hot summer day.	neutral
17832	A woman in a black bikini and white shorts rides a bicycle on the beach.	A woman in a white bikini rides a scooter on the road.	contradiction
17833	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady in shorts is riding a bike.	entailment
17834	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	a man lifts weights inside	contradiction
17835	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady is riding a bike outdoors.	entailment
17836	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady in pants and making sand angels on the beach.	contradiction
17837	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	The lady is riding the bink in the summer time.	neutral
17838	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady rides a bike.	entailment
17839	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	a pretty woman bikes along the beach	neutral
17840	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady on a pink bike rides.	neutral
17841	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	a fat woman eats potato chips	contradiction
17842	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	The lady is riding a horse.	contradiction
17843	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady is walking her dog.	contradiction
17844	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady in shorts is wearing a bike because she thinks she is out of shape.	neutral
17845	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	a woman in skimpy dress rides a bike	entailment
17846	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady rides a bike at the beach	entailment
17847	A lady in white shorts and a black tank top is riding a bike along the beach.	A lady rides a bike at the beach so she can lose weight	neutral
17848	Three guys sitting at the table together drinking beers and taking pictures.	Three guys drinking beers	entailment
17849	Three guys sitting at the table together drinking beers and taking pictures.	Three guys are not drinking	contradiction
17850	Three guys sitting at the table together drinking beers and taking pictures.	Three guys are getting drunk	neutral
17851	The little Asian girl has fun with party favors.	The little girl plays with the favors for her 8th birthday party.	neutral
17852	The little Asian girl has fun with party favors.	The little girl cries from fear in the scary haunted house.	contradiction
17853	The little Asian girl has fun with party favors.	The little girl plays with party favors.	entailment
17854	A oriental child of approximately 3 years of age is blowing on a toy and she is wearing green bracelets.	A 3 year old boy is playing with a toy.	entailment
17855	A oriental child of approximately 3 years of age is blowing on a toy and she is wearing green bracelets.	A teen is blowing a horn.	contradiction
17856	A oriental child of approximately 3 years of age is blowing on a toy and she is wearing green bracelets.	A child is playing with a toy.	entailment
17857	Three men outdoors smiling, drinking beer, and taking pictures.	There are three men outdoors.	entailment
17858	Three men outdoors smiling, drinking beer, and taking pictures.	The three men stood outdoors catching up after not seeing each other for so long.	neutral
17859	Three men outdoors smiling, drinking beer, and taking pictures.	Two women camped outdoors.	contradiction
17860	The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park.	A woman is giving a large man a piggyback ride.	contradiction
17861	The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park.	A man is giving his wife a piggyback ride.	neutral
17862	The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park.	A man is giving a woman a piggyback ride.	entailment
17863	Three males are drinking beer.	A small group of guys is drinking.	entailment
17864	Three males are drinking beer.	Three women drink mimosas.	contradiction
17865	Three males are drinking beer.	College buddies enjoy draft beer together.	neutral
17866	An asian child blowing on a party favor.	The child has Asian heritage.	entailment
17867	An asian child blowing on a party favor.	The child is swimming underwater.	contradiction
17868	An asian child blowing on a party favor.	The child is at a birthday party.	neutral
17869	Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees, bushes and grass.	Several guys are sitting at the bar.	contradiction
17870	Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees, bushes and grass.	A few people are strolling through the park.	neutral
17871	Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees, bushes and grass.	Some people are walking through nature.	entailment
17872	people barely visible except for upraised arms.	People are painting.	contradiction
17873	people barely visible except for upraised arms.	People's arms are sticking up.	entailment
17874	people barely visible except for upraised arms.	People are waving at other people.	neutral
17875	A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.	A man and a woman have their photo taken.	entailment
17876	A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.	A man and a woman run away from the camera.	contradiction
17877	A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.	A man and a woman have engagement photos taken.	neutral
17878	Kids rush for a soccer ball during a game.	Some children are seen chasing after something outside.	entailment
17879	Kids rush for a soccer ball during a game.	Some children are laughing and falling on the field.	neutral
17880	Kids rush for a soccer ball during a game.	kids are playing baseball in a field.	contradiction
17881	A man and woman making funny faces for picture.	A couple uses a photobooth.	neutral
17882	A man and woman making funny faces for picture.	A man and woman make faces.	entailment
17883	A man and woman making funny faces for picture.	A couple share a milkshake.	contradiction
17884	Kids chasing a soccer ball.	Kids running.	entailment
17885	Kids chasing a soccer ball.	Kids sleeping.	contradiction
17886	Kids chasing a soccer ball.	Kids playing for the championship.	neutral
17887	a man and a woman posing for a picture	The people are outdoors.	neutral
17888	a man and a woman posing for a picture	The man and woman is taking a bath alone.	contradiction
17889	a man and a woman posing for a picture	A man and woman are in front of a camera.	entailment
17890	Two people sit in an old run down building at night.	The people are inside.	entailment
17891	Two people sit in an old run down building at night.	The people are playing cards.	neutral
17892	Two people sit in an old run down building at night.	The people are running in the streets.	contradiction
17893	A man ironing his clothes while his friend is watching.	A man is being forced to iron clothes over a bet.	contradiction
17894	A man ironing his clothes while his friend is watching.	A man is ironing clothes while his friend waits.	neutral
17895	A man ironing his clothes while his friend is watching.	The man is ironing clothes for his job.	neutral
17896	A woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel.	Two people are standing next to an easel.	entailment
17897	A woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel.	A father and daughter are painting on a canvas.	contradiction
17898	A woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel.	A mother and son are standing next to a chalkboard.	neutral
17899	A woman in a red jacket is helping a little boy in green pants open an easel.	There is art class today.	contradiction
17900	A woman in a red jacket is helping a little boy in green pants open an easel.	A lady in red jacket is helping a little boy open an easel.	entailment
17901	A woman in a red jacket is helping a little boy in green pants open an easel.	Miss. Monroes is helping little Billy open an easel.	neutral
17902	The toddler in a maroon and gray long-sleeved shirt is ready to mark all over wooden chalkboard.	A toddler is asleep in a carseat.	contradiction
17903	The toddler in a maroon and gray long-sleeved shirt is ready to mark all over wooden chalkboard.	A toddler is wearing maroon.	entailment
17904	The toddler in a maroon and gray long-sleeved shirt is ready to mark all over wooden chalkboard.	A toddler is planning to draw a dog.	neutral
17905	Older woman and young child unwrap a child's painting easel.	Grandmother supports her grandchild's passion for painting.	neutral
17906	Older woman and young child unwrap a child's painting easel.	An older lady helps a little kid.	entailment
17907	Older woman and young child unwrap a child's painting easel.	A boy is spanked for wrongdoing.	contradiction
17908	A young man doing a flip at a city park.	He is outside.	entailment
17909	A young man doing a flip at a city park.	He is not wearing a shirt.	neutral
17910	A young man doing a flip at a city park.	He is watching tv in bed.	contradiction
17911	Little girl in kitchen, kissing a fluffy orange cat.	A cat is in the kitchen.	entailment
17912	Little girl in kitchen, kissing a fluffy orange cat.	A little girl is hugging and kissing a cat.	neutral
17913	Little girl in kitchen, kissing a fluffy orange cat.	An old man leans on his cane.	contradiction
17914	A man is riding a bull in a rodeo.	A man is riding a bull in a rodeo for the world record.	neutral
17915	A man is riding a bull in a rodeo.	A man is riding a bull.	entailment
17916	A man is riding a bull in a rodeo.	A man is riding a morotcycle in a parade.	contradiction
17917	A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.	A boy is watching a show of bicycle trick in his room	contradiction
17918	A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.	A boy is having a competition of bicycle trick	neutral
17919	A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.	A boy is performing with his bicycle.	entailment
17920	A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond.	A pink and green dog barks at the water.	contradiction
17921	A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond.	A brown and black dog fetched a ball from the pond.	neutral
17922	A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond.	A brown and black dog was swimming.	entailment
17923	A fairytale princess in costume.	A person is acting in a play.	neutral
17924	A fairytale princess in costume.	A woman with clothes.	entailment
17925	A fairytale princess in costume.	A dog is eating.	contradiction
17926	A baseball player in a uniform with a dark top and light pants is hitting the ball with his bat.	Two young boys are playing chess in a library.	contradiction
17927	A baseball player in a uniform with a dark top and light pants is hitting the ball with his bat.	A batter in a baseball game is getting a hit.	neutral
17928	A baseball player in a uniform with a dark top and light pants is hitting the ball with his bat.	A person is holding a baseball bat.	entailment
17929	Six people wearing cowboy hats with the foremost person wearing sunglasses.	A group of people pose in cowboy hats.	entailment
17930	Six people wearing cowboy hats with the foremost person wearing sunglasses.	Some friends meet outside the country dance club.	neutral
17931	Six people wearing cowboy hats with the foremost person wearing sunglasses.	People in ski caps stand in line at the lift.	contradiction
17932	A child in a brown, patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket	The couch is empty	contradiction
17933	A child in a brown, patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket	The child is about to nap	neutral
17934	A child in a brown, patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket	A child is inside	entailment
17935	A ESPN cameraman films a baseball player hitting a ball during a game.	The baseball is hit far.	neutral
17936	A ESPN cameraman films a baseball player hitting a ball during a game.	Nobody films the man hitting the baseball.	contradiction
17937	A ESPN cameraman films a baseball player hitting a ball during a game.	The person is playing baseball.	entailment
17938	A young boy jumps into the oncoming wave.	The boy jumps into the wave.	entailment
17939	A young boy jumps into the oncoming wave.	The wave is very large.	neutral
17940	A young boy jumps into the oncoming wave.	The boy is at a lake.	contradiction
17941	Construction workers pouring concrete.	Construction workers are eating sandwiches on their lunch break.	contradiction
17942	Construction workers pouring concrete.	People are working on a construction site involving concrete.	entailment
17943	Construction workers pouring concrete.	Men wearing hardhats are pouring concrete for a sidewalk.	neutral
17944	Here is a picture of someone demonstrating how cement is made.	A man demonstrates how to make cement by yourself.	neutral
17945	Here is a picture of someone demonstrating how cement is made.	A person demonstrates how lay tile.	contradiction
17946	Here is a picture of someone demonstrating how cement is made.	A person demonstrates how something is made.	entailment
17947	Men using a cement mixer.	There are several men in this picture, and they are all outside and working.	entailment
17948	Men using a cement mixer.	The men are all playing chess and checkers at the local park.	contradiction
17949	Men using a cement mixer.	The men are part of a construction crew working to pour the foundation of the newest mini-mall in the area.	neutral
17950	Boy playing in water at the beach shore.	Nobody is playing.	contradiction
17951	Boy playing in water at the beach shore.	A funny person playing	neutral
17952	Boy playing in water at the beach shore.	A person playing	entailment
17953	Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit.	Two bikers are riding yellow dirt bikes.	neutral
17954	Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit.	Two bikers are repairing scooters.	contradiction
17955	Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit.	Two bikers are riding.	entailment
17956	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	Horses are pulling a sled.	contradiction
17957	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	it is warm	contradiction
17958	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	dogs run on the beach	contradiction
17959	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	The dogs are running an agility course final with their masters in front of an at-capacity crowd	contradiction
17960	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow in a sledding competition.	neutral
17961	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	A sled is being pulled by animals.	entailment
17962	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	it is cold	neutral
17963	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	The sled is being pulled across the snow by a pack of dogs.	entailment
17964	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	Those bears are pulling the sled through a snowstorm.	contradiction
17965	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	The dogs are part of a world-famous dog teams that have won the Iditarod two times!	neutral
17966	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	the dogs are pulling	entailment
17967	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	Wolves are pulling that sled full of lumber.	neutral
17968	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	The dogs are outside in the cold	entailment
17969	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	dogs mush on snow	entailment
17970	Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.	dogs compete in the idditarod	neutral
17971	Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow.	Two motor-cross riders race through the dirty snow to finish first.	neutral
17972	Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow.	Two motor-cross riders are outside.	entailment
17973	Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow.	The two moto cross riders are sleeping in bed.	contradiction
17974	Father and son looking at a gas grill.	Dad and youngest son look at grill.	neutral
17975	Father and son looking at a gas grill.	Mom and son look at gril	contradiction
17976	Father and son looking at a gas grill.	Dad and son look at grill.	entailment
17977	A man and young boy pulling together a grill.	Two people are putting together a grill.	entailment
17978	A man and young boy pulling together a grill.	Two people are getting ready to grill.	neutral
17979	A man and young boy pulling together a grill.	Two people are taking apart a grill.	contradiction
17980	A father and son repair a mildly broken grill.	The grill is not broken.	contradiction
17981	A father and son repair a mildly broken grill.	The grill is black.	neutral
17982	A father and son repair a mildly broken grill.	A grill is broken.	entailment
17983	A man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill.	The grill is broken.	neutral
17984	A man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill.	The men are standing up looking at fireworks.	contradiction
17985	A man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill.	The men are looking at a grill.	entailment
17986	People are dancing in costumes.	They move around	entailment
17987	People are dancing in costumes.	The costume party is a massive success	neutral
17988	People are dancing in costumes.	They do not move at all	contradiction
17989	A woman in a white shirt, black jacket and blue and black striped shirt stands next to a man in a checked shirt and blue jeans looking through a camera focused on whoever took this picture.	The man by the woman is her husband.	neutral
17990	A woman in a white shirt, black jacket and blue and black striped shirt stands next to a man in a checked shirt and blue jeans looking through a camera focused on whoever took this picture.	The woman is by a man.	entailment
17991	A woman in a white shirt, black jacket and blue and black striped shirt stands next to a man in a checked shirt and blue jeans looking through a camera focused on whoever took this picture.	The woman is standing next to a dog.	contradiction
17992	A man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on.	Several people are watching one man.	entailment
17993	A man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on.	The man is demonstrating how to throw a knife.	neutral
17994	A man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on.	The dancing woman is wearing a mini skirt.	contradiction
17995	A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery.	A female is in a bakery.	entailment
17996	A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery.	The girl is inside the store.	neutral
17997	A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery.	The female is wearing pants.	contradiction
17998	A couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food.	A couple is reviewing the deserts to take home.	neutral
17999	A couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food.	A couple is deciding on which desert to choose.	entailment
18000	A couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food.	A couple is reviewing the main course.	contradiction
18001	People dressed as angels at a parade.	There are people participating in a parade.	entailment
18002	People dressed as angels at a parade.	Some people are dressed up at a St. Patrick's Day Parade.	neutral
18003	People dressed as angels at a parade.	Some people are sleeping.	contradiction
18004	People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill.	People standing at the bottom of a walkway that they just walked down	neutral
18005	People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill.	People are working in an office	contradiction
18006	People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill.	People standing at the bottom of a walkway	entailment
18007	Face off with a ref mid-hockey game in an arena.	Huge humans playing	neutral
18008	Face off with a ref mid-hockey game in an arena.	Nobody is playing	contradiction
18009	Face off with a ref mid-hockey game in an arena.	Humans playing	entailment
18010	One man clapping, another man taking a photograph, and several spectators fill this scene.	The man is applauding a musical performance.	neutral
18011	One man clapping, another man taking a photograph, and several spectators fill this scene.	The man is playing a trumpet.	contradiction
18012	One man clapping, another man taking a photograph, and several spectators fill this scene.	A man is clapping.	entailment
18013	A group of people enjoy a drink around a table.	A group of people sitting at a bar, enjoy a drink.	contradiction
18014	A group of people enjoy a drink around a table.	The people at the table are enjoying a drink.	entailment
18015	A group of people enjoy a drink around a table.	The people at the table are happily enjoying a drink.	neutral
18016	A group of young men and women drinking beer and cocktails sit in lounge chairs against a brick wall.	A group of young men and women drinking beer	entailment
18017	A group of young men and women drinking beer and cocktails sit in lounge chairs against a brick wall.	A group of young men and women joyously drinking beer	neutral
18018	A group of young men and women drinking beer and cocktails sit in lounge chairs against a brick wall.	A group of young men and women not drinking beer	contradiction
18019	A group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses.	A group is sitting at a table together	entailment
18020	A group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses.	A group is dancing	contradiction
18021	A group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses.	A group is drinking wine together	neutral
18022	A group of people sitting around a coffee table covered in beer bottles.	A group of people sitting around a coffee table with beer bottles.	entailment
18023	A group of people sitting around a coffee table covered in beer bottles.	People are drinking beer by a table.	contradiction
18024	A group of people sitting around a coffee table covered in beer bottles.	People sit around a table filled with bottles.	neutral
18025	one cyclist carrying a ladder to the shop	A person is outside	entailment
18026	one cyclist carrying a ladder to the shop	A person is surfing	contradiction
18027	one cyclist carrying a ladder to the shop	A person is tired	neutral
18028	Men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim.	Men are riding home after a trip to the grocery store.	neutral
18029	Men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim.	Men are riding past a building.	entailment
18030	Men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim.	A boy rides a skateboard.	contradiction
18031	A man is biking down the street while holding a ladder, off to the side, a man is carrying a large bucket and two sticks.	One man is on a bike, riding, while clutching a ladder, while another man is holding sticks and a bucket.	entailment
18032	A man is biking down the street while holding a ladder, off to the side, a man is carrying a large bucket and two sticks.	Two men are walking towards a construction project, one holding a ladder and the other holding a bucket and sticks.	neutral
18033	A man is biking down the street while holding a ladder, off to the side, a man is carrying a large bucket and two sticks.	Two men are sitting in a cafe, watching tv.	contradiction
18034	A man carrying a ladder rides his bike on the street.	the man is riding a unicycle with a parrot on his shoulder	contradiction
18035	A man carrying a ladder rides his bike on the street.	the man is riding a bike while carrying something	entailment
18036	A man carrying a ladder rides his bike on the street.	the man has good balance	neutral
18037	Man wearing jeans and black shirt rides down the road on a bike carrying a ladder.	This man is wearing no safety gear	neutral
18038	Man wearing jeans and black shirt rides down the road on a bike carrying a ladder.	This is the best way to transport ladders	contradiction
18039	Man wearing jeans and black shirt rides down the road on a bike carrying a ladder.	The man is balancing a ladder	entailment
18040	Elderly people in a nursing home playing some sort of party game involving throwing a ball.	Everyone pictured is youthful.	contradiction
18041	Elderly people in a nursing home playing some sort of party game involving throwing a ball.	There are elderly people pictured.	entailment
18042	Elderly people in a nursing home playing some sort of party game involving throwing a ball.	The people are playing soccer.	neutral
18043	A man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light	There is one man in this picture, and he is working.	entailment
18044	A man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light	The man is an employee of the city, working to repair lightbulbs busted out by local hoodlums.	neutral
18045	A man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light	The man is laid-up in bed, full body cast, after the near-fatal biking accident.	contradiction
18046	A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage.	A dog watching a cat in a cage.	contradiction
18047	A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage.	A cat watches caged rabbits.	entailment
18048	A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage.	An orange cat watches rabbits huddled in a corner of a cage.	neutral
18049	A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat.	A woman is looking at her pets.	entailment
18050	A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat.	A woman is gazing outside, and ignoring her animals.	contradiction
18051	A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat.	A woman is keeping her cat away from her rabbits.	neutral
18052	An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits.	There is a women playing with a cat and watching the rabbits	contradiction
18053	An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits.	There is a women watching a cat outdoors chasing a bunny	neutral
18054	An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits.	There is a women watching a cat	entailment
18055	A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure, while a woman in a white sweater looks on.	The cat is thinking of eating the rabbits while the woman watches.	neutral
18056	A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure, while a woman in a white sweater looks on.	The woman is looking at the cat who is watching the rabbits.	entailment
18057	A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure, while a woman in a white sweater looks on.	The rabbits attacked the cat.	contradiction
18058	A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies.	A woman sits with her sons.	contradiction
18059	A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies.	A woman sits with animals that are up for adoption.	neutral
18060	A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies.	A woman sits with animals.	entailment
18061	A woman drinking out of a fruit.	A woman is drinking the juice of a coconut with a straw.	neutral
18062	A woman drinking out of a fruit.	A woman is eating a vegetable.	contradiction
18063	A woman drinking out of a fruit.	A woman is drinking the juice from a fruit.	entailment
18064	Many people wait in line at a snack stand next to a busy road.	People are waiting to buy food outside.	entailment
18065	Many people wait in line at a snack stand next to a busy road.	Cars honk at the long line of people winding around the hot dog vendor.	neutral
18066	Many people wait in line at a snack stand next to a busy road.	A single customer is sitting in the restaurant.	contradiction
18067	The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors.	A child having fun playing with toys.	neutral
18068	The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors.	A child sitting quietly.	contradiction
18069	The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors.	A child playing with toys.	entailment
18070	A small child with a toy golf club	The child has no toys	contradiction
18071	A small child with a toy golf club	The child is small	entailment
18072	A small child with a toy golf club	He hits a golf ball	neutral
18073	a young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.	The child is running in the woods.	contradiction
18074	a young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.	The child is playing a game.	entailment
18075	a young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.	The child is playing with a friend.	neutral
18076	A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires.	An electrician in a blue shirt is fixing the power transformer.	neutral
18077	A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires.	A man in a blue shirt is standing on a wire inspecting the tall ladder.	contradiction
18078	A man in a blue shirt stands on a tall ladder and inspects wires.	A man inspects wires on a tall ladder wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
18079	The crowds of people fill the streets in town as they converse with each other.	Crowds of people converse.	entailment
18080	The crowds of people fill the streets in town as they converse with each other.	Crowds of people talk about the towns problems.	neutral
18081	The crowds of people fill the streets in town as they converse with each other.	Crowds of people take a dump in the streets.	contradiction
18082	A crowded street full of bystanders.	There is a parade today.	neutral
18083	A crowded street full of bystanders.	The street was empty.	contradiction
18084	A crowded street full of bystanders.	The street is crowded.	entailment
18085	A bustling sidewalk lights up as darkness nears.	Darkness is all over the streets.	contradiction
18086	A bustling sidewalk lights up as darkness nears.	At night a  noisy street  gets bright.	neutral
18087	A bustling sidewalk lights up as darkness nears.	There is light on a noisy street.	entailment
18088	A child wearing swim goggles.	The child is ready to go swimming.	neutral
18089	A child wearing swim goggles.	There are swim goggles on a child.	entailment
18090	A child wearing swim goggles.	The child is reading a book.	contradiction
18091	The little child is wearing blue goggles.	The child is wearing glasses.	entailment
18092	The little child is wearing blue goggles.	The child is wearing a bathing suit.	neutral
18093	The little child is wearing blue goggles.	The child is wearing a red mask.	contradiction
18094	A small child wears goggles near a pool.	A small child wearing goggles.	entailment
18095	A small child wears goggles near a pool.	A man washes the side of his house.	contradiction
18096	A small child wears goggles near a pool.	A small child prepares to take a diving lesson.	neutral
18097	A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool.	A young human is surrounded by water.	entailment
18098	A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool.	A young girl is trying to get a tan	neutral
18099	A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool.	The young child is laying on the blacktop.	contradiction
18100	A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool.	A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in his uncles swimming pool.	neutral
18101	A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool.	A woman dance wildly on stage.	contradiction
18102	A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool.	A young child sits on a raft in a swimming pool and is wearing blue goggles.	entailment
18103	An exotic woman in her traditional clothes.	A man in traditional clothes.	contradiction
18104	An exotic woman in her traditional clothes.	An exotic woman is attractive.	neutral
18105	An exotic woman in her traditional clothes.	An exotic woman in traditional clothes.	entailment
18106	A cyclist is competing in a race.	A guy wins the Tour De France	neutral
18107	A cyclist is competing in a race.	A cyclist crashes into the back of a car	contradiction
18108	A cyclist is competing in a race.	A person rides a vehicle	entailment
18109	A speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing.	A cyclist is in a competition.	entailment
18110	A speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing.	A speed cyclist is checking the track for safety.	neutral
18111	A speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing.	A cyclist is sitting in the stand with the judges.	contradiction
18112	A bicyclist is riding on a wooden track inside of a gymnasium.	A bicyclist is training for a triathlon on a wooden track inside of a gymnasium.	neutral
18113	A bicyclist is riding on a wooden track inside of a gymnasium.	A bicyclist is taking a break near a wooden track inside of a gymnasium.	contradiction
18114	A bicyclist is riding on a wooden track inside of a gymnasium.	A bicyclist is riding inside on a wooden track.	entailment
18115	An older woman is turning backwards and screaming.	An old woman is making noise.	entailment
18116	An older woman is turning backwards and screaming.	An old woman has no vocal cords.	contradiction
18117	An older woman is turning backwards and screaming.	An old woman is screaming for help.	neutral
18118	Woman standing on a small mat with her mouth wide open.	The woman is sleeping.	contradiction
18119	Woman standing on a small mat with her mouth wide open.	The woman is practicing yoga.	neutral
18120	Woman standing on a small mat with her mouth wide open.	A female has her mouth open and standing.	entailment
18121	A man bends down to light a firework near a lake.	A firework is being ignited.	entailment
18122	A man bends down to light a firework near a lake.	A man bends down to light a firework with a match near a lake.	neutral
18123	A man bends down to light a firework near a lake.	A man bends down to pick up a twenty dollar bill he has found at the mall.	contradiction
18124	A young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background.	A young boy stands in a truck with watermelons.	entailment
18125	A young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background.	A girl who is partying touches her breasts on the dance floor.	contradiction
18126	A young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background.	The young boy is from a family of farmers.	neutral
18127	Two people crossing paths in the ocean while parasailing during a clear blue day.	Two people parasailing cross paths on a clear day	entailment
18128	Two people crossing paths in the ocean while parasailing during a clear blue day.	Two sharks are performing gymnastics	contradiction
18129	Two people crossing paths in the ocean while parasailing during a clear blue day.	Two people are windsufring on a cloudy day	neutral
18130	A pair of people parasailing on a sunny day.	Two people are sunbathing.	contradiction
18131	A pair of people parasailing on a sunny day.	Two people are parasailing on a lake.	neutral
18132	A pair of people parasailing on a sunny day.	Two people are parasailing.	entailment
18133	A man in a green shirt is checking a thin pole stuck on the edge of a waterway.	the man has a green shirt	entailment
18134	A man in a green shirt is checking a thin pole stuck on the edge of a waterway.	the shirt is blue	contradiction
18135	A man in a green shirt is checking a thin pole stuck on the edge of a waterway.	the shirt is wool	neutral
18136	An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked.	A senior citizen takes in the view.	neutral
18137	An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked.	Dockside, an elderly man surveys the scene.	entailment
18138	An old man squats near the water where there are boats docked.	In the marina, an old lady sits cross legged near the rowboats.	contradiction
18139	Older man measuring the water line of nearby shore.	A person is measuring the water line.	entailment
18140	Older man measuring the water line of nearby shore.	A woman is playing basketball.	contradiction
18141	Older man measuring the water line of nearby shore.	A man is wearing sandals.	neutral
18142	A man in a white shirt sits next to many containers.	man sitting	entailment
18143	A man in a white shirt sits next to many containers.	car in water	contradiction
18144	A man in a white shirt sits next to many containers.	man selling containers	neutral
18145	An old man reading his papers while selling some paints, plastic bins and plastic chairs.	The old man checks his bills.	neutral
18146	An old man reading his papers while selling some paints, plastic bins and plastic chairs.	The old man reads a paper.	entailment
18147	An old man reading his papers while selling some paints, plastic bins and plastic chairs.	The old man swims.	contradiction
18148	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A girl holds a balloon.	entailment
18149	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The balloon is not blue.	entailment
18150	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The child is riding a bike down a hill.	contradiction
18151	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	There is a person in close proximity to a man-made structure.	entailment
18152	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A girl is at a birthday party.	neutral
18153	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A girl arrives at a birthday party.	neutral
18154	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The girl is near a door.	entailment
18155	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A girl is at a funeral.	contradiction
18156	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The girl is holding a kite.	contradiction
18157	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The girl has pigtails.	neutral
18158	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A little girl stands in a doorway holding a red balloon.	entailment
18159	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A little girls in a doorway hold a red balloon on her birthday.	neutral
18160	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The girl is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
18161	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	The girl is in her home.	neutral
18162	A little girl holds a red balloon in front of a doorway.	A little girl hold two kittens as she sits outside.	contradiction
18163	A woman wearing a dress and a man wearing a t-shirt sit next to art.	two people sit next to art	entailment
18164	A woman wearing a dress and a man wearing a t-shirt sit next to art.	two kids sit next to art	contradiction
18165	A woman wearing a dress and a man wearing a t-shirt sit next to art.	a couple sit next to art	neutral
18166	A black-haired man talks to a woman.	A man is having a conversation with a woman	entailment
18167	A black-haired man talks to a woman.	A man is having a conversation with a woman in class	neutral
18168	A black-haired man talks to a woman.	Don't eat cats with dogs near by	contradiction
18169	A child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior.	A boy is holding a red balloon.	neutral
18170	A child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior.	A boy is holding a blue balloon.	contradiction
18171	A child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior.	A child is holding a balloon.	entailment
18172	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	A little girl is examining the inside of this building.	entailment
18173	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	the girl is white	neutral
18174	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl is near a window.	entailment
18175	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	There are other people inside the building.	neutral
18176	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl is inside the building, looking out.	contradiction
18177	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	This little girl is watching a dog.	neutral
18178	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl wants to go inside the building.	neutral
18179	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl is at a theme park and is enjoying her day.	neutral
18180	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	This little girl is upset because she just lost her balloon.	contradiction
18181	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl is driving a car.	contradiction
18182	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	A girl holds a balloon outside of a wooden building.	entailment
18183	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	A girl stands at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	contradiction
18184	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	the girl is asleep	contradiction
18185	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	the girl has a balloon	entailment
18186	A girl, perhaps around five, wearing white shorts, red and white top and carrying a red balloon, is standing outside of a wooden building, looking inside.	The girl is holding a balloon.	entailment
18187	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child just left a birthday party.	neutral
18188	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	There is a kid running from a pack of wolves.	contradiction
18189	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child holds a balloon near an unfinished building.	entailment
18190	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is standing outdoors.	entailment
18191	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	There is a kid smiling with his balloon outside.	neutral
18192	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	There is a kid with outdoors.	entailment
18193	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is going to release a balloon into a construction site.	neutral
18194	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is holding a stuffed animal in front of a construction site.	contradiction
18195	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is holding a balloon in front of a construction site.	entailment
18196	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is flying in an airplane.	contradiction
18197	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child celebrates their birthday and is given a balloon which she holds on her way to the park.	neutral
18198	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is standing outside with a balloon.	entailment
18199	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child stands near a park without holding anything in his hand.	contradiction
18200	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child's balloon floats away as they stand in front of a bank.	contradiction
18201	A child holding a helium filled balloon is standing in front of what appears to be a construction site.	A child is holding a balloon in front of a construction site waiting for his contruction worker father to celebrate his birthday.	neutral
18202	Two women in saris work together in a village.	Two women working in a village.	entailment
18203	Two women in saris work together in a village.	Two friends working in a village.	entailment
18204	Two women in saris work together in a village.	Two women working in an office building.	contradiction
18205	Two military men interact with one another while holding a yellow cable.	Someone is holding a cable	entailment
18206	Two military men interact with one another while holding a yellow cable.	The men are civilians	contradiction
18207	Two military men interact with one another while holding a yellow cable.	The men are in the Marines	neutral
18208	A little boy stands amid a wagonload of watermelons, while two older men stand along side the wagon.	A boy sleeps in his mothers arms during church.	contradiction
18209	A little boy stands amid a wagonload of watermelons, while two older men stand along side the wagon.	A boy stands next to a wagon full of watermelons.	entailment
18210	A little boy stands amid a wagonload of watermelons, while two older men stand along side the wagon.	A black boy stands next to a wagon full of watermelons.	neutral
18211	People walking on the street behind a window advertising magazines.	People shuffle on their way to work.	neutral
18212	People walking on the street behind a window advertising magazines.	Geese are in the park.	contradiction
18213	People walking on the street behind a window advertising magazines.	People walk down the street.	entailment
18214	A group of people standing outside a newsstand.	The people are reading newspapers.	neutral
18215	A group of people standing outside a newsstand.	The people are sitting down in the hotel.	contradiction
18216	A group of people standing outside a newsstand.	The people are outdoors.	entailment
18217	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	A group of people protesting outside a bank	neutral
18218	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	Protesters are in front of a photo with no background.	contradiction
18219	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	A group of chefs hard at work in a kitchen.	contradiction
18220	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	Protesters are in the back of a photo with a magazine display in the foreground.	entailment
18221	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	The protesters are standing behind a donut stand.	contradiction
18222	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	the photo is unseeable	contradiction
18223	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	a magazine display is seen	entailment
18224	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	People are protesting against gay marriage.	neutral
18225	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	The dinosaur walks through the forest.	contradiction
18226	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	Protesters stand in the distance.	entailment
18227	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	the magazine display is white	neutral
18228	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	Protesters are in the back of a photo with a magazine display in the foreground to protest a new law they don't like.	neutral
18229	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	Protesters stand behind a magazine display.	entailment
18230	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	The protesters are angry because of tax spending.	neutral
18231	Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.	A group of people protesting.	entailment
18232	A window with six very different magazines on it with a few people in the background.	The magazine are dirty.	contradiction
18233	A window with six very different magazines on it with a few people in the background.	The window has a variety of magazines on it with a couple people in the background.	entailment
18234	A window with six very different magazines on it with a few people in the background.	The window has only one magazine on it with a couple people in the background.	neutral
18235	A man in a camel colored jacket.	The man is wearing a brand new jacket.	neutral
18236	A man in a camel colored jacket.	The man is wearing a blue jacket.	contradiction
18237	A man in a camel colored jacket.	The man is wearing a jacket.	entailment
18238	Two children enjoying ice cream.	Two children are eating ice cream	entailment
18239	Two children enjoying ice cream.	Two children ordering ice crean in a restaurant	neutral
18240	Two children enjoying ice cream.	Two children are sleeping in bed	contradiction
18241	a child and a woman are sitting in front of a Christmas tree	A child and a woman are in front of a pine tree.	contradiction
18242	a child and a woman are sitting in front of a Christmas tree	A child and a woman are getting their picture taken in front of a christmas tree.	neutral
18243	a child and a woman are sitting in front of a Christmas tree	A child and a woman are relaxing in front of the tree at christmas.	entailment
18244	A woman and a child in front of a Christmas tree opening presents.	A mom and her son are celebrating Christmas together.	neutral
18245	A woman and a child in front of a Christmas tree opening presents.	The people are celebrating Hanukkah.	contradiction
18246	A woman and a child in front of a Christmas tree opening presents.	Two people are looking at gifts.	entailment
18247	Grandmother and her granddaughter opening presents at Christmas time.	It's Easter	contradiction
18248	Grandmother and her granddaughter opening presents at Christmas time.	The presents are expensive	neutral
18249	Grandmother and her granddaughter opening presents at Christmas time.	It's Christmas	entailment
18250	A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.	The woman is watching her daughter	neutral
18251	A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.	The girl is holding a kitten	entailment
18252	A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.	It is easter	contradiction
18253	A little girl in pigtails and a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are in front of a Christmas tree, smiling.	The woman is the girl's aunt.	neutral
18254	A little girl in pigtails and a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are in front of a Christmas tree, smiling.	A woman and a girl with pigtails are smiling in front of the Christmas tree.	entailment
18255	A little girl in pigtails and a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are in front of a Christmas tree, smiling.	The woman and the girl are posing in front of the Easter bunny.	contradiction
18256	A man in a blue coat trying to fly a yellow model plane.	The man tried to fly the yellow model plane.	entailment
18257	A man in a blue coat trying to fly a yellow model plane.	The man tried to fly his brand new model plane.	neutral
18258	A man in a blue coat trying to fly a yellow model plane.	The man flew the black plane.	contradiction
18259	A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.	A brown dog drinks from a bowl as another dog jumps next to him at the site of their owner.	neutral
18260	A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.	A brown dog drinking water from a bowl as a black dog jumps near him inside.	entailment
18261	A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.	A yellow lab drinks from a pond.	contradiction
18262	A tall, light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table.	The two dogs are brother and sister, and they are nearly inseparable.	neutral
18263	A tall, light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table.	The two dogs are chasing a frisbee across the field, thrown over and over by their owner.	contradiction
18264	A tall, light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table.	There are two animals in this picture.	entailment
18265	A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating.	Animals are near each other.	entailment
18266	A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating.	A dog and cat are eating together.	contradiction
18267	A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating.	One dog sees another dog eating and comes to join him.	neutral
18268	The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off.	The pets are drinking from the toilet.	contradiction
18269	The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off.	The dogs should not be on the wooden table.	neutral
18270	The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off.	The dogs surround the wooden table.	entailment
18271	A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck.	There are animals drinking	entailment
18272	A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck.	There are animals running away from eachother	contradiction
18273	A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck.	There are tired animals drinking water	neutral
18274	A young kid showing a piece of rock to another young kid.	The kids are asleep.	contradiction
18275	A young kid showing a piece of rock to another young kid.	A kid shows off a rock.	entailment
18276	A young kid showing a piece of rock to another young kid.	The rock is named Alf.	neutral
18277	There are five people working, while two woman are the focus filling cups.	There are five women working, two of those women are the filling cups.	neutral
18278	There are five people working, while two woman are the focus filling cups.	There are five people working, and no one is filling cups.	contradiction
18279	There are five people working, while two woman are the focus filling cups.	A number of people are working while two of them fill cups.	entailment
18280	A man is fixing the roof.	A human fixing	entailment
18281	A man is fixing the roof.	A tall human fixing	neutral
18282	A man is fixing the roof.	Nobody is fixing.	contradiction
18283	A female gymnast, wearing a red and white leotard, is preparing to do a mat routine.	The girl is part of a team.	neutral
18284	A female gymnast, wearing a red and white leotard, is preparing to do a mat routine.	The girl is not ready to do a routine.	contradiction
18285	A female gymnast, wearing a red and white leotard, is preparing to do a mat routine.	The girl is ready to do a routine.	entailment
18286	A man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane.	The guy is testing how well the plane flies.	neutral
18287	A man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane.	The man is piloting a large jet.	contradiction
18288	A man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane.	A person is having fun with his toy.	entailment
18289	A large African American woman is wearing a green shirt sitting on a bench at the bus stop, while a small woman wearing a rust colored coat is sitting on the other side of the bench.	man eats cheetos	contradiction
18290	A large African American woman is wearing a green shirt sitting on a bench at the bus stop, while a small woman wearing a rust colored coat is sitting on the other side of the bench.	women wait for bus	neutral
18291	A large African American woman is wearing a green shirt sitting on a bench at the bus stop, while a small woman wearing a rust colored coat is sitting on the other side of the bench.	women on bench	entailment
18292	An enormous black woman sits at a bus stop beside an elderly woman of east-Asian descent.	The women are driving in a car.	contradiction
18293	An enormous black woman sits at a bus stop beside an elderly woman of east-Asian descent.	Two women sit at a bus stop.	entailment
18294	An enormous black woman sits at a bus stop beside an elderly woman of east-Asian descent.	The black woman is bigger than the Asian woman.	neutral
18295	A large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop.	Two friends are at a cafe.	contradiction
18296	A large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop.	Two ladies are waiting on the street.	entailment
18297	A large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop.	Two friends are at the bus stop.	neutral
18298	A large man is sitting on a bench next to a Subway sign.	A man is reading a newspaper on a bench by a sign.	neutral
18299	A large man is sitting on a bench next to a Subway sign.	A person is seated.	entailment
18300	A large man is sitting on a bench next to a Subway sign.	A man is running to catch a departing train.	contradiction
18301	Two ladies sitting on a city bus bench.	They are walking.	contradiction
18302	Two ladies sitting on a city bus bench.	They are talking.	neutral
18303	Two ladies sitting on a city bus bench.	They are waiting for the bus.	entailment
18304	A gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act.	The athlete is muscular.	neutral
18305	A gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act.	The athlete is about to perform.	entailment
18306	A gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act.	The athlete is home playing video games.	contradiction
18307	People walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display.	People exiting a carnival after it closes for the night.	neutral
18308	People walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display.	People walk past a display of carnival prizes.	entailment
18309	People walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display.	Two cats hissing at each other.	contradiction
18310	An African-American man plays the harmonica and electric guitar simultaneously into a microphone outside in front of a parking lot.	A black man throws the football for the 49ers.	contradiction
18311	An African-American man plays the harmonica and electric guitar simultaneously into a microphone outside in front of a parking lot.	A black man plays the harmonica and electric guitar at the same time.	entailment
18312	An African-American man plays the harmonica and electric guitar simultaneously into a microphone outside in front of a parking lot.	A black man plays the harmonica and electric guitar at the same time for several onlookers.	neutral
18313	A roof is being torn apart by one person.	One guy is taking the roof apart.	entailment
18314	A roof is being torn apart by one person.	The guy is going to repair the roof.	neutral
18315	A roof is being torn apart by one person.	The guy is digging a hole to install a swimming pool.	contradiction
18316	gymnast woman getting ready to tumble on a blue mat.	The woman is a gymnast.	entailment
18317	gymnast woman getting ready to tumble on a blue mat.	The man is doing aerobics.	contradiction
18318	gymnast woman getting ready to tumble on a blue mat.	The woman is performing live.	neutral
18319	A man wearing a mask is cutting a hole in a roof and there is an orange crane next to him.	A man is sitting in a crane eating his lunch.	contradiction
18320	A man wearing a mask is cutting a hole in a roof and there is an orange crane next to him.	A man is working for a construction company.	neutral
18321	A man wearing a mask is cutting a hole in a roof and there is an orange crane next to him.	A man is wearing face protection while he works.	entailment
18322	A person stands on a snowy and icy shoreline looking out into the ocean at twilight.	A person sits on the shore.	contradiction
18323	A person stands on a snowy and icy shoreline looking out into the ocean at twilight.	A person looks at the water.	entailment
18324	A person stands on a snowy and icy shoreline looking out into the ocean at twilight.	The person is on a date.	neutral
18325	A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater.	The scuba diver has never held a lobster.	neutral
18326	A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater.	A scuba diver is in the water.	entailment
18327	A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater.	The scuba diver is touching a shark.	contradiction
18328	A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster.	A diver underwater.	neutral
18329	A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster.	A human holding a lobster.	entailment
18330	A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster.	A lobster holding a diver.	contradiction
18331	The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater.	The scuba diver recovered something during his dive.	entailment
18332	The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater.	The scuba diver is standing in the middle of the street.	contradiction
18333	The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater.	The scuba diver still has his diving gear on.	neutral
18334	Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.	A scuba diver is under the water.	entailment
18335	Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.	The scuba diver is resting on the beach.	contradiction
18336	Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.	The diver is exploring a sunken ship.	neutral
18337	A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled.	the dogs pull the guy on the sled	entailment
18338	A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled.	the cats love the cheese	contradiction
18339	A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled.	the dogs pull their owner on a sled	neutral
18340	An all male choir and soloist are performing, with a piano nearby.	a single man sings alone on stage.	contradiction
18341	An all male choir and soloist are performing, with a piano nearby.	people make music together.	entailment
18342	An all male choir and soloist are performing, with a piano nearby.	a famous group of musicians does their last performance	neutral
18343	Two friends are comparing trophy's.	Two trophies are being compared.	entailment
18344	Two friends are comparing trophy's.	Two friend were comparing medals.	contradiction
18345	Two friends are comparing trophy's.	They were for the same sport.	neutral
18346	A woman in a white shirt making a caricature of a boy.	A woman makes art.	entailment
18347	A woman in a white shirt making a caricature of a boy.	A woman paints a boy.	neutral
18348	A woman in a white shirt making a caricature of a boy.	A woman cooks a steak.	contradiction
18349	A bride dances as the crowd watches on.	A bride is dancing with her father at her wedding.	neutral
18350	A bride dances as the crowd watches on.	A bride is dancing.	entailment
18351	A bride dances as the crowd watches on.	A woman is planting a tree.	contradiction
18352	One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object.	A little girl is with a big girl and a toy.	neutral
18353	One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object.	Two boys are swimming with a toy.	contradiction
18354	One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object.	Two little girl are playing together.	entailment
18355	A woman walks down a street, texting on her phone or checking for messages.	a woman walking checks her phone	entailment
18356	A woman walks down a street, texting on her phone or checking for messages.	a lady running checks her text messages	neutral
18357	A woman walks down a street, texting on her phone or checking for messages.	a man is singing	contradiction
18358	A woman stops to view the text message on her phone as she makes her way through the city.	A woman is checking her phone while she waits to cross the street.	neutral
18359	A woman stops to view the text message on her phone as she makes her way through the city.	A woman is talking on her phone while she walks.	contradiction
18360	A woman stops to view the text message on her phone as she makes her way through the city.	A woman is looking at her phone.	entailment
18361	Pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza.	Pretty woman texting while walking around town.	neutral
18362	Pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza.	Pretty woman walking through a plaza.	entailment
18363	Pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza.	Pretty woman riding her bike through the plaza.	contradiction
18364	A dark-haired woman is texting while walking.	The woman is watching tv at home.	contradiction
18365	A dark-haired woman is texting while walking.	A dark haired woman is using her phone	entailment
18366	A dark-haired woman is texting while walking.	A woman is texting her fiance while on her evening stroll	neutral
18367	Men and women wearing white swim caps giving each other piggyback rides.	Men racing each other in a potato sack race.	contradiction
18368	Men and women wearing white swim caps giving each other piggyback rides.	The men and women are horsing around in the pool before practice.	neutral
18369	A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards.	The bird is sitting in a nest.	contradiction
18370	A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards.	The bird is getting ready to attack.	neutral
18371	A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards.	The bird is in the air.	entailment
18372	A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background.	the boy is standing	contradiction
18373	A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background.	a boy is sitting	entailment
18374	A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background.	the boy is ten years old	neutral
18375	The lady is holding the child hand and walking.	The lady is the mother of the child.	neutral
18376	The lady is holding the child hand and walking.	The lady is with a child.	entailment
18377	The lady is holding the child hand and walking.	The lady is holding a man's hand.	contradiction
18378	A woman in a red dress is singing on a stage next to three men playing instruments.	A woman with black hair is singing on a stage.	neutral
18379	A woman in a red dress is singing on a stage next to three men playing instruments.	There are people on the stage.	entailment
18380	A woman in a red dress is singing on a stage next to three men playing instruments.	A woman is washing her car.	contradiction
18381	The family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves.	the people are mostly women	neutral
18382	The family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves.	people walk down a path	entailment
18383	The family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves.	the people are sleeping	contradiction
18384	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are sitting at home.	contradiction
18385	People search for their seats in a stadium.	A group of people are at a game.	entailment
18386	People search for their seats in a stadium.	There are people inside the stadium.	entailment
18387	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are sleeping.	contradiction
18388	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are attending a football game.	neutral
18389	People search for their seats in a stadium.	They are lost.	neutral
18390	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are going to see a baseball game.	neutral
18391	People search for their seats in a stadium.	They are looking and walking around.	entailment
18392	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People walk through the stadium.	entailment
18393	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are at a football game.	neutral
18394	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People lay on the beach.	contradiction
18395	People search for their seats in a stadium.	A person is jumping out of a plane.	contradiction
18396	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People go to their seats before first pitch.	neutral
18397	People search for their seats in a stadium.	They are on their living room couch.	contradiction
18398	People search for their seats in a stadium.	People are inside a stadium.	entailment
18399	A group of people are walking through a bunch of leaves.	A group of people are shoveling snow.	contradiction
18400	A group of people are walking through a bunch of leaves.	Some friends take a stroll in the autumn afternoon.	neutral
18401	A group of people are walking through a bunch of leaves.	A group of people are walking.	entailment
18402	Four people are walking along a street that is covered in leaves.	Some people are heading downtown.	neutral
18403	Four people are walking along a street that is covered in leaves.	Some people are playing in leaves.	contradiction
18404	Four people are walking along a street that is covered in leaves.	Some people are walking in some leaves.	entailment
18405	A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks.	The man is riding a motorcycle.	entailment
18406	A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks.	The man is riding a pink motorcycle.	neutral
18407	A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks.	The man is riding a horse.	contradiction
18408	a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean.	A man sits on the beach.	contradiction
18409	a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean.	A parasurfer on the water.	entailment
18410	a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean.	A parasurfer searches desperately for his fellow parasurfer who fell below the waves.	neutral
18411	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	The two men gaze at the screen.	contradiction
18412	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A dark haired woman interacts with a painting	contradiction
18413	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	Ray Stevens plays Mozart.	contradiction
18414	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A man builds a sculpture	contradiction
18415	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A lady interacts with a display that says 'Mega Joule' and has a wire sculpture	entailment
18416	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A woman tries to kiss a fake man.	contradiction
18417	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	The woman is pulling on the lever attached to the sculpture.	neutral
18418	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A silly woman talks to a piece of art.	neutral
18419	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A light haired woman tries to converse with a sculpture on display.	entailment
18420	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A person is viewing an art installation.	entailment
18421	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A woman wearing jeans touches a wire sculpture with a sign on it	neutral
18422	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A woman pulls on a wire sculpture	neutral
18423	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	Woman likes art.	neutral
18424	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	A woman interacts with a sculpture on display	entailment
18425	A blond woman interacts with a wire sculpture that sits on a display with a sign posted on it that says' Mega Joule'.	Woman observes sculpture.	entailment
18426	A girl in her pajamas is sitting on a log swing.	A girl is sitting on a swing.	entailment
18427	A girl in her pajamas is sitting on a log swing.	A girl is on the slide.	contradiction
18428	A girl in her pajamas is sitting on a log swing.	A girl in her pj's is playing on a swing before bedtime.	neutral
18429	There are 6 women forming a pyramid inside of a bedroom.	The cheerleaders are practicing their new routine.	neutral
18430	There are 6 women forming a pyramid inside of a bedroom.	Six guys are having drinks while they watch the game.	contradiction
18431	There are 6 women forming a pyramid inside of a bedroom.	There are several women in the bedroom.	entailment
18432	Three people of east Asian heritage, two men and a woman, are interacting with a white American man wearing army gear.	The Asians are comtemplating making paper airplanes and flying to the moon.	contradiction
18433	Three people of east Asian heritage, two men and a woman, are interacting with a white American man wearing army gear.	The three Asians are talking to a white American in army gear.	entailment
18434	Three people of east Asian heritage, two men and a woman, are interacting with a white American man wearing army gear.	The asians are pleading their case to the American soldier.	neutral
18435	A person plays with a mega joule contraption consisting of wire tracks and colored balls.	The peson has a strange life with jouls and contraptions.	neutral
18436	A person plays with a mega joule contraption consisting of wire tracks and colored balls.	The person has a joule contraption.	entailment
18437	A person plays with a mega joule contraption consisting of wire tracks and colored balls.	The joules are ruining her love life.	contradiction
18438	Couple looks for their seats at sporting event.	Two people are spending leisure time together.	entailment
18439	Couple looks for their seats at sporting event.	A man and woman sit on a couch with a bowl of popcorn to watch the Spurs win again.	contradiction
18440	Couple looks for their seats at sporting event.	Two fans think someone is sitting in their reserved seats.	neutral
18441	Small group of people on a stage playing different instruments while a crowd sits and watches.	People are performing and the crowd likes the music.	neutral
18442	Small group of people on a stage playing different instruments while a crowd sits and watches.	People are on stage playing instruments.	entailment
18443	Small group of people on a stage playing different instruments while a crowd sits and watches.	People are running from the cops.	contradiction
18444	Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike.	A man rides a bike.	entailment
18445	Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike.	An old man rides a bike.	neutral
18446	Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike.	An old man rides a donkey.	contradiction
18447	A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus.	The man is riding a bicycle.	entailment
18448	A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus.	The man is riding on the bus.	contradiction
18449	A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus.	The old man is trying to catch up to the bus.	neutral
18450	a dog sitting in the grass, with his tongue out	A dog is walking down the street.	contradiction
18451	a dog sitting in the grass, with his tongue out	A dog is outside.	entailment
18452	a dog sitting in the grass, with his tongue out	A dog is listening to its owner.	neutral
18453	Spectators watch a classical music concert.	The spectators at the concert are wearing bathing suits	contradiction
18454	Spectators watch a classical music concert.	The spectators are watching something	entailment
18455	Spectators watch a classical music concert.	The music at the concert is pleasant	neutral
18456	A long-haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers.	The dog has short hair.	contradiction
18457	A long-haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers.	A dog is frolicking.	entailment
18458	A long-haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers.	The dog is brown.	neutral
18459	A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers.	animals playing in a field	entailment
18460	A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers.	dogs are playing in a field.	neutral
18461	A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers.	dogs swimming in a lake.	contradiction
18462	A man and a woman make funny faces while running in a race, they have yellow numbers on their chests.	A man and a woman make funny faces while running in a race.	entailment
18463	A man and a woman make funny faces while running in a race, they have yellow numbers on their chests.	A couple make funny faces, they have yellow numbers on their chests.	neutral
18464	A man and a woman make funny faces while running in a race, they have yellow numbers on their chests.	Two men make sad faces while running in a race, they have yellow numbers on their chests.	contradiction
18465	A presenter in a black shirt is pointing at a slide in a conference.	The presenter is in the audience at a conference.	contradiction
18466	A presenter in a black shirt is pointing at a slide in a conference.	The presenter has at least one arm.	neutral
18467	A presenter in a black shirt is pointing at a slide in a conference.	The presenter is at a conference.	entailment
18468	A smiley lady wearing glasses with a glass of milk.	A happy woman is pouring herself some milk.	neutral
18469	A smiley lady wearing glasses with a glass of milk.	An angry looking man is drinking a beer.	contradiction
18470	A smiley lady wearing glasses with a glass of milk.	A happy woman has milk.	entailment
18471	Two young men playing at a computer.	A woman is grocery shopping.	contradiction
18472	Two young men playing at a computer.	Two boys are spending time together.	entailment
18473	Two young men playing at a computer.	Two boys are competing in a game.	neutral
18474	A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	A man with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	contradiction
18475	A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	A person with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	entailment
18476	A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	A sad woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.	neutral
18477	A woman with glasses sitting at an inside table smiling at something with a glass of milk on the table in front of her.	The woman is smiling at her child playing across the room.	neutral
18478	A woman with glasses sitting at an inside table smiling at something with a glass of milk on the table in front of her.	The woman is indoors.	entailment
18479	A woman with glasses sitting at an inside table smiling at something with a glass of milk on the table in front of her.	The lady enjoys orange juice with her breakfast.	contradiction
18480	A man in black and white striped clothing holding a sign.	A person holding a protest sign.	neutral
18481	A man in black and white striped clothing holding a sign.	A person holding a sign.	entailment
18482	A man in black and white striped clothing holding a sign.	A naked man holding a sign.	contradiction
18483	A man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor.	A man is laying down.	entailment
18484	A man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor.	A man and woman is holding hands.	contradiction
18485	A man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor.	A male inside the house is on the kitchen floor.	neutral
18486	A man in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap is lying down on a wooden floor.	A man is sitting on a chair in jeans, a t-shirt and a baseball cap.	contradiction
18487	A man in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap is lying down on a wooden floor.	There is a man lying on the floor.	entailment
18488	A man in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap is lying down on a wooden floor.	A man is taking a nap on the floor.	neutral
18489	A man in t-shirt and jeans is laying down on the ground.	The man is standing outside.	contradiction
18490	A man in t-shirt and jeans is laying down on the ground.	The man is sleeping on the ground.	neutral
18491	A man in t-shirt and jeans is laying down on the ground.	A man is on the ground.	entailment
18492	A man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store.	a man waiting to buy something	neutral
18493	A man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store.	a man is laying at the beach	contradiction
18494	A man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store.	a man is in front of a store	entailment
18495	Man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits.	Three men speak with one another.	entailment
18496	Man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits.	Three men have tea and watch television.	contradiction
18497	Man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits.	One military man lectures two suited men about martial law.	neutral
18498	A couple on a walking tour.	The couple are enjoying the sights.	neutral
18499	A couple on a walking tour.	A couple are enjoying a meal at a restaurant.	contradiction
18500	A couple on a walking tour.	There is a couple walking	entailment
18501	a street side vendor selling snacks and sodas.	A vendor sells cheap Mexican street food.	neutral
18502	a street side vendor selling snacks and sodas.	A vendor sells food on the street.	entailment
18503	a street side vendor selling snacks and sodas.	A vendor sells hot coffee from his car.	contradiction
18504	People walk down the sidewalks of an Asian city.	The people are walking in an American city.	contradiction
18505	People walk down the sidewalks of an Asian city.	There are people on the city streets.	entailment
18506	People walk down the sidewalks of an Asian city.	People are walking to a restaurant for lunch.	neutral
18507	This looks like a city street in Japan.	The stores have Japanese writing in the windows.	neutral
18508	This looks like a city street in Japan.	The street has many Asian stores.	entailment
18509	This looks like a city street in Japan.	The street has many American stores on it.	contradiction
18510	in a crowded asian city people can be seen walking to their various destinations.	A group of Asians touring Paris.	contradiction
18511	in a crowded asian city people can be seen walking to their various destinations.	People walking in a crowded Asian city.	entailment
18512	in a crowded asian city people can be seen walking to their various destinations.	Morning rush hour in a busy, Asian metropolis.	neutral
18513	Person doing bicycle jump	A bicyclist jumping in the air.	entailment
18514	Person doing bicycle jump	A snowboarder performing a 360 flip.	contradiction
18515	Person doing bicycle jump	A bicyclist jumps over a barrier in a BMX race.	neutral
18516	Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands.	A woman is sad she lost the race.	contradiction
18517	Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands.	A woman won two olymipic gold metals.	neutral
18518	Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands.	A woman has two gold medals around her neck.	entailment
18519	Woman with two medals around her neck, holding up seven fingers.	A woman is holding up seven fingers.	entailment
18520	Woman with two medals around her neck, holding up seven fingers.	A woman is holding a trophy.	contradiction
18521	Woman with two medals around her neck, holding up seven fingers.	A woman has won two medals.	neutral
18522	A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches.	A person is wearing a safety helmet.	neutral
18523	A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches.	Nobody is watching the person on the bike.	contradiction
18524	A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches.	A person is near a bike.	entailment
18525	The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it.	A boy is drinking.	entailment
18526	The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it.	A boy is having lunch.	neutral
18527	The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it.	A boy is drinking a bottle of root beer.	contradiction
18528	A small stand shop in India that sells snacks and coke.	A small shop in India sells food and drink.	entailment
18529	A small stand shop in India that sells snacks and coke.	A small shop sells things.	neutral
18530	A small stand shop in India that sells snacks and coke.	A small shop in Indiana sells basketballs.	contradiction
18531	A boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide.	A boy plays on a playground in Winter.	entailment
18532	A boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide.	A boy climbs the monkey bars.	contradiction
18533	A boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide.	A boy enjoys the slide in winter.	neutral
18534	A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup.	Someone was seated at the picnic table.	entailment
18535	A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup.	The rowdy child ran across the field while carrying his small cup in one hand.	contradiction
18536	A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup.	A boy drank his lemonade out of a very small paper cup.	neutral
18537	Girl making a weird face dancing in a parade.	A young parade performer thinks it's a good time for a silly face.	entailment
18538	Girl making a weird face dancing in a parade.	While she's tap dancing in a parade, a girl takes a moment and makes a funny face.	neutral
18539	Girl making a weird face dancing in a parade.	The young parade dancer was fired after making obscene gestures at the crowd.	contradiction
18540	Women in colorful outfits dancing in a parade.	Everyone is in black and white outfits.	contradiction
18541	Women in colorful outfits dancing in a parade.	Women are performing.	entailment
18542	Women in colorful outfits dancing in a parade.	The women are dancing in sync.	neutral
18543	Women are wearing colorful outfits and dancing.	A woman dances.	entailment
18544	Women are wearing colorful outfits and dancing.	A young girl dances.	contradiction
18545	Women are wearing colorful outfits and dancing.	A woman at a party.	neutral
18546	Three woman dressed in colorful festive outfits perform a dance in an outdoor courtyard.	Thewomen are fighting	contradiction
18547	Three woman dressed in colorful festive outfits perform a dance in an outdoor courtyard.	the women are participating in a competition	neutral
18548	Three woman dressed in colorful festive outfits perform a dance in an outdoor courtyard.	three women are dancing	entailment
18549	Boy drinking, at backyard table full of bowls of food.	Boy drinking at table	entailment
18550	Boy drinking, at backyard table full of bowls of food.	Boy drinking in backyard	neutral
18551	Boy drinking, at backyard table full of bowls of food.	Boy eating at table	contradiction
18552	Ladies dancing in colorful costumes.	Ladies are dancing in colorful outfits.	entailment
18553	Ladies dancing in colorful costumes.	The ladies are sitting at a table wearing all black.	contradiction
18554	Ladies dancing in colorful costumes.	The ladies are preforming for an audience in beautiful outfits.	neutral
18555	A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus.	A guy is resting.	entailment
18556	A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus.	An aging trapeze performer is waiting to perform his next set at the circus.	neutral
18557	A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus.	A man is swinging from a trapeze.	contradiction
18558	Two kids smiling in front of the computer	The kids are in front of a computer.	entailment
18559	Two kids smiling in front of the computer	Two kids are smiling on video chat as they talk with their dad.	neutral
18560	Two kids smiling in front of the computer	Two kids are crying by the computer.	contradiction
18561	A boy writes in marker on a large sheet of paper and another waits his turn.	A kid is writing his name on a big paper.	neutral
18562	A boy writes in marker on a large sheet of paper and another waits his turn.	A kid is playing a computer game.	contradiction
18563	A boy writes in marker on a large sheet of paper and another waits his turn.	A kid is using a marker on a big paper.	entailment
18564	Two men are performing a sound check.	Two men use sound equipment.	entailment
18565	Two men are performing a sound check.	Two women dance on stage.	contradiction
18566	Two men are performing a sound check.	The two men are preparing for a show.	neutral
18567	Two men are standing under a tent, trying to adjust the music controls.	The men are at a concert.	neutral
18568	Two men are standing under a tent, trying to adjust the music controls.	The men are standing.	entailment
18569	Two men are standing under a tent, trying to adjust the music controls.	The men are standing under an umbrella.	contradiction
18570	several multicolored dogs running through the grass.	All of the dogs have black fur.	contradiction
18571	several multicolored dogs running through the grass.	Some of the several, multicolored dogs are puppies.	neutral
18572	several multicolored dogs running through the grass.	The multicolored dogs are outdoors.	entailment
18573	A man in blue holds a microphone and stands next to another man in blue with an orange wristband in front of a large speaker.	Two men wearing red pants and purple shirts stand on the stage by the podium.	contradiction
18574	A man in blue holds a microphone and stands next to another man in blue with an orange wristband in front of a large speaker.	Two men are standing by the speaker listening to the band finish their set in front of the large crowd.	neutral
18575	A man in blue holds a microphone and stands next to another man in blue with an orange wristband in front of a large speaker.	Two men are standing by the speaker.	entailment
18576	A band performs live at a gig.	Maroon 5 is playing live at the festival.	neutral
18577	A band performs live at a gig.	A band is playing a concert.	entailment
18578	A band performs live at a gig.	The band is on vacation.	contradiction
18579	Two girls in blue are skiing.	There are girls outside.	entailment
18580	Two girls in blue are skiing.	A group of people are skiing.	neutral
18581	Two girls in blue are skiing.	The girls are running on a track.	contradiction
18582	Two women are standing with ski poles in deep snow.	Women are standing with ski poles in snow.	entailment
18583	Two women are standing with ski poles in deep snow.	Two men are standing in snow.	contradiction
18584	Two women are standing with ski poles in deep snow.	Two ladies are standing with nice ski poles in snow.	neutral
18585	Two women standing in the snow talking and observing the surroundings	Two women discuss the beauty of the freshly fallen snow around them.	neutral
18586	Two women standing in the snow talking and observing the surroundings	Two women lay in the snow silently together.	contradiction
18587	Two women standing in the snow talking and observing the surroundings	Two people out in the snow.	entailment
18588	Some people are on a snow-covered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks.	skiers with backpacks stand atop a mountain	neutral
18589	Some people are on a snow-covered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks.	skiers standing on a mountain with backpacks	entailment
18590	Some people are on a snow-covered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks.	swimmers swimming in a pool	contradiction
18591	A man selling fruits and vegetables.	A sad man selling fruits and vegetables.	neutral
18592	A man selling fruits and vegetables.	A woman selling fruits and vegetables.	contradiction
18593	A man selling fruits and vegetables.	A man selling stuff.	entailment
18594	A young boy shows his brown and green bead necklace.	A young boy shows his brown and blue bead necklace.	contradiction
18595	A young boy shows his brown and green bead necklace.	A young boy shows his large brown and green bead necklace.	neutral
18596	A young boy shows his brown and green bead necklace.	A boy shows off his necklace.	entailment
18597	A bow in a blue sweater shows off a beaded necklace.	a skirt falls to the floor	contradiction
18598	A bow in a blue sweater shows off a beaded necklace.	a designer sweater has nice accessories	neutral
18599	A bow in a blue sweater shows off a beaded necklace.	a blue sweater has a bow with beaded necklace	entailment
18600	A young boy wearing a blue sweater holding up a necklace with green and brown beads.	necklace and blue sweater both are in boys bag	contradiction
18601	A young boy wearing a blue sweater holding up a necklace with green and brown beads.	there is a boy in blue sweater holding necklace make of bead	entailment
18602	A young boy wearing a blue sweater holding up a necklace with green and brown beads.	the necklace was made of colourd beeds green and brown and some other colours as well	neutral
18603	A little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads.	A little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of stuff he found.	neutral
18604	A little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads.	A little dwarf in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads.	contradiction
18605	A little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads.	A little boy in a sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads.	entailment
18606	Old women selling vegetables and resting against a wall.	woman are resting	entailment
18607	Old women selling vegetables and resting against a wall.	woman are eating some of the carrots	neutral
18608	Old women selling vegetables and resting against a wall.	a woman sees dead people	contradiction
18609	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two foreign women are talking outside a movie theater	contradiction
18610	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two woman are attempting to trick others by selling the same food from different countries.	contradiction
18611	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two women wearing black are selling Spanish food and Chinese food.	neutral
18612	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two foreign women are selling food.	entailment
18613	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two women are selling different kinds of food that they just trade with each other.	neutral
18614	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two foreign women are selling food that smells bad.	neutral
18615	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	two women sell food they made	neutral
18616	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	two women sleep on a bed	contradiction
18617	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	two women sell food	entailment
18618	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two women are selling food.	entailment
18619	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	The women are selling t-shirts.	contradiction
18620	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two women are waiting for a taxi.	contradiction
18621	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Those women are selling local cuisine.	neutral
18622	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	The women in black are selling a variety of foods.	entailment
18623	Two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.	Two women are selling food.	entailment
18624	Two women are sitting against an orange wall behind a few tables covered in food.	Two women are sitting against a wall.	entailment
18625	Two women are sitting against an orange wall behind a few tables covered in food.	Two boys are sitting against a green wall.	contradiction
18626	Two women are sitting against an orange wall behind a few tables covered in food.	Two sisters are sitting against a wall.	neutral
18627	Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace.	People are selling fruit.	neutral
18628	Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace.	People are selling things outside.	entailment
18629	Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace.	Men are wearing shorts at the beach.	contradiction
18630	A lady dressed in blue running a marathon.	A woman runs	entailment
18631	A lady dressed in blue running a marathon.	A woman, who is in first place in the marathon, runs.	neutral
18632	A lady dressed in blue running a marathon.	A runner stops to take a break.	contradiction
18633	Cheerleaders in blue uniforms perform in the end zone of a football field.	the cheerleaders hand in toys and perform the football field	neutral
18634	Cheerleaders in blue uniforms perform in the end zone of a football field.	the cheerleaders perform in the football field	entailment
18635	Cheerleaders in blue uniforms perform in the end zone of a football field.	the cheerleaders watching the game in playground outdoor	contradiction
18636	A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts.	The woman is winning the marathon.	neutral
18637	A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts.	There is a young woman.	entailment
18638	A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts.	The woman is sitting.	contradiction
18639	Man wearing purple shirt and black pants, holding a camera, standing in a city park.	The man is outdoors.	entailment
18640	Man wearing purple shirt and black pants, holding a camera, standing in a city park.	The man is taking a picture in the city park.	neutral
18641	Man wearing purple shirt and black pants, holding a camera, standing in a city park.	The mans is dressed in all black.	contradiction
18642	Runner named Kim, running in the street.	Kim runs in the street.	entailment
18643	Runner named Kim, running in the street.	Kim walks to the bus stop over the mountain.	contradiction
18644	Runner named Kim, running in the street.	Kim runs in the marathon.	neutral
18645	The high school cheerleaders perform the big routine.	The routine is 10 minutes long.	neutral
18646	The high school cheerleaders perform the big routine.	The cheerleaders are taking a break.	contradiction
18647	The high school cheerleaders perform the big routine.	The cheerleaders are performing.	entailment
18648	A man in a suit is painting a picture while outside, a clock can be seen in the background above the hedges.	The man is not painting.	contradiction
18649	A man in a suit is painting a picture while outside, a clock can be seen in the background above the hedges.	The man is painting a picture for his client.	neutral
18650	A man in a suit is painting a picture while outside, a clock can be seen in the background above the hedges.	The man is outdoors.	entailment
18651	A male artist painting a landscape in front of a crowd of people.	The artist is painting alone.	contradiction
18652	A male artist painting a landscape in front of a crowd of people.	An artist is painting a landscape.	entailment
18653	A male artist painting a landscape in front of a crowd of people.	The artist is using a green brush to paint the landscape.	neutral
18654	A man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park.	 A man with a hat painting a scene of people in the park.	entailment
18655	A man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park.	A woman reading.	contradiction
18656	A man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park.	 A man with a gray hat painting people.	entailment
18657	The backside of an old man painting a picture outside.	the back of an old man painting a picture outdoors	entailment
18658	The backside of an old man painting a picture outside.	the back of an old man painting a picture of a lake outdoors	neutral
18659	The backside of an old man painting a picture outside.	the front side view of an young man painting a picture indoors	contradiction
18660	Lynyrd Skynyrd is playing a concert on their Gods& Guns World Tour.	A southern rock band is playing music.	entailment
18661	Lynyrd Skynyrd is playing a concert on their Gods& Guns World Tour.	Lynyrd Skynyrd is the best band in the world and the lead singer is alive.	contradiction
18662	Lynyrd Skynyrd is playing a concert on their Gods& Guns World Tour.	Lynyrd Skynyrd is a terrible band.	neutral
18663	A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red.	A girl is holding onto a boy.	entailment
18664	A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red.	A sister is holding onto her little brother.	neutral
18665	A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red.	A sister is holding onto her brother in all black.	contradiction
18666	the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball.	the soccer player wearing white hits the tennis ball.	contradiction
18667	the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball.	the player wearing white hits the tennis ball.	entailment
18668	the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball.	the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball softly.	neutral
18669	The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.	The baseball player gets ready to hit the ball.	contradiction
18670	The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.	The tennis player is trying to win the competition.	neutral
18671	The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.	The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball.	entailment
18672	A guy playing tennis, two nearby spectators, and a crowd watching.	the man is playing against someone	entailment
18673	A guy playing tennis, two nearby spectators, and a crowd watching.	the crowd is making alot of noise	contradiction
18674	A guy playing tennis, two nearby spectators, and a crowd watching.	the crowd is silent	neutral
18675	Two men are sitting in a sandy area.	The men are outdoors.	entailment
18676	Two men are sitting in a sandy area.	The men are skiing down a slope.	contradiction
18677	Two men are sitting in a sandy area.	The men are on a beach.	neutral
18678	Two men sitting and smoking cigarettes.	The men are standing in the bathroom.	contradiction
18679	Two men sitting and smoking cigarettes.	The men are near cigarettes.	entailment
18680	Two men sitting and smoking cigarettes.	The men are at a table.	neutral
18681	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	Someone is using a machine	neutral
18682	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	A young woman dances happily	contradiction
18683	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	A man is working with a machine	entailment
18684	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	An African man is using a wooden machine to work.	entailment
18685	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	The African is a man.	entailment
18686	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	The man is exerting stress upon the machine.	entailment
18687	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	This man is on fire.	contradiction
18688	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	An African man is sitting on a couch.	contradiction
18689	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	The man is working on his guest house.	contradiction
18690	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	A man from Sierra Leone works with machinery.	neutral
18691	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	He is working hard at his job.	neutral
18692	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	The man is working at his job.	neutral
18693	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	An African man is working outside.	neutral
18694	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	A man works with a machinery.	entailment
18695	An African man is working with a wooden machine.	A woman works with machinery.	contradiction
18696	Two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock.	Two men are sitting.	entailment
18697	Two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock.	The men are wearing red pants.	contradiction
18698	Two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock.	The men are friends.	neutral
18699	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are working together.	entailment
18700	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are filling a bucket of fish.	neutral
18701	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	There are two men at work.	entailment
18702	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Both men are in a hurry to get the job done.	neutral
18703	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	There are two painters painting a house.	neutral
18704	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	The people are getting their hair dyed in a salon.	contradiction
18705	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	The dark-skinned man is wearing a long sleeved shirt.	contradiction
18706	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are remodeling a house together.	neutral
18707	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are swimming.	contradiction
18708	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	There is a comb on a sink with a huge clump of hair on it.	contradiction
18709	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are cleaning something.	neutral
18710	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	A couple of guys put something in the pink bucket next to them.	contradiction
18711	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	Two men are working together.	entailment
18712	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	There are two male humans in a color photograph.	entailment
18713	A bald dark-skinned man in a purple tank top and jeans works with another man next to a blue bucket.	The men are wearing clothes.	entailment
18714	a young lady getting ready for a dance and her sister is doing her hair.	A woman fixes her sister's hair in advance of a great party.	neutral
18715	a young lady getting ready for a dance and her sister is doing her hair.	A young lady is having her hair fixed.	entailment
18716	a young lady getting ready for a dance and her sister is doing her hair.	A young lady is walking out of her house.	contradiction
18717	One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl.	A girl is fixing another girls hair.	entailment
18718	One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl.	Two boys are playing catch.	contradiction
18719	One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl.	A girl is styling her sisters hair.	neutral
18720	A woman in an orange blouse is glancing away from the picture while she dresses the hair of her friend, a girl who is grimacing and who is wearing a black tank top.	The woman is trying to take care of her friend.	neutral
18721	A woman in an orange blouse is glancing away from the picture while she dresses the hair of her friend, a girl who is grimacing and who is wearing a black tank top.	The one girl is in pain.	entailment
18722	A woman in an orange blouse is glancing away from the picture while she dresses the hair of her friend, a girl who is grimacing and who is wearing a black tank top.	The women are inside sleeping in their beds.	contradiction
18723	A place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets.	People are putting on helmets to ride bikes.	contradiction
18724	A place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets.	People are fastening their helmet straps.	entailment
18725	A place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets.	A group of friends is about to try indoor skydiving for the first time.	neutral
18726	A girl wearing a watch fixes her friend's hair.	There are two girls in the photo.	entailment
18727	A girl wearing a watch fixes her friend's hair.	No one is wearing a watch.	contradiction
18728	A girl wearing a watch fixes her friend's hair.	The girls are good friends.	neutral
18729	A woman is pictured with three small children.	the women kidnapped the 3 children	contradiction
18730	A woman is pictured with three small children.	a women is with three small children	entailment
18731	A woman is pictured with three small children.	a mom and three children go for a walk	neutral
18732	A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors.	a young girl and boy outside	entailment
18733	A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors.	adults inside watching tv	contradiction
18734	A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors.	a young girl and boy outside on school vacation	neutral
18735	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The three people are outside.	entailment
18736	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The girl is riding a skateboard.	contradiction
18737	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	A girl is outdoors with two men.	entailment
18738	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The bike is being ridden.	contradiction
18739	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	a girl is by her bike while her relatives walk by	neutral
18740	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	A girl and two men are standing near a building outside.	entailment
18741	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	Two men dressed in white walk down the street past a young girl dressed in black.	neutral
18742	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The two men are friends of the girl.	neutral
18743	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	There's more than one individual depicted here.	entailment
18744	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	A girl is blowing out candles on a birthday cake inside with a crowd of people around her.	contradiction
18745	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	Neither of the men is carrying anything.	contradiction
18746	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	a girl is by her bike while people walk by	entailment
18747	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	a girl is playing ball on a zebra's back	contradiction
18748	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The guitar is orange.	neutral
18749	A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.	The girl's bike is white.	neutral
18750	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A man is playing guitar on a balcony.	neutral
18751	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	a couple of people stand in front of a building.	entailment
18752	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	The man with the guitar is collecting donations.	neutral
18753	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A couple are skateboarding around town together.	contradiction
18754	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A woman in a bike gives a guy holding a guitar a ride.	contradiction
18755	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	The man is playing the guitar.	neutral
18756	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	The man and the woman are sitting in the grass.	contradiction
18757	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	The building has a balcony.	entailment
18758	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	There are a group of varying individuals outside.	entailment
18759	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A couple of bike riders enjoy the playing of the guitarist.	neutral
18760	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A woman and man are outside of a building with a man with a guitar player.	entailment
18761	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A man playing the guitar accepts donations from the public.	neutral
18762	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	Everyone in the photo is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
18763	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	Outside of a building stand two people with bikes as a man with a musical instrument stands nearby.	entailment
18764	A woman and man with bikes stand by a man with a guitar in front of a large building with a balcony.	A woman and man are sitting inside.	contradiction
18765	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel is looking for food in the snow.	neutral
18766	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel is outside.	entailment
18767	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel jumps on the mountain in the snow.	neutral
18768	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel is in the snow.	entailment
18769	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel is attacking a small child.	contradiction
18770	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel is stuffed and mounted on a wall.	contradiction
18771	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	A squirrel jumps in the pond water.	contradiction
18772	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is angry at the snow and wishes he had some walnuts.	neutral
18773	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is playing on the ground.	neutral
18774	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is sitting on a tree branch in the rain.	contradiction
18775	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is cold, and jumps to stay warm.	neutral
18776	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	There is a squirrel that jumps.	entailment
18777	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is outside.	entailment
18778	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	An animal jumps through the snow.	entailment
18779	A squirrel jumps in the snow.	The squirrel is sleeping in a tree.	contradiction
18780	People leaving a large house near several parked bikes.	The people are sitting inside a living room.	contradiction
18781	People leaving a large house near several parked bikes.	The people live in the house.	neutral
18782	People leaving a large house near several parked bikes.	The people are at least mostly outside.	entailment
18783	A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift.	The squirrel is getting away from something.	neutral
18784	A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift.	The squirrel is sunbathing.	contradiction
18785	A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift.	The small mammal is outdoors.	entailment
18786	A gray squirrel bounds over the melting snow.	a newly born gray squirrel bounds	neutral
18787	A gray squirrel bounds over the melting snow.	a squirrel bounds over the melting snow	entailment
18788	A gray squirrel bounds over the melting snow.	peocock dances in zoo when it rains	contradiction
18789	This is a person testing candy cooking.	A baker taste testing a bagel.	contradiction
18790	This is a person testing candy cooking.	A confectioner testing his latest batch of candy.	neutral
18791	This is a person testing candy cooking.	A person tasting during cooking.	entailment
18792	A person holds a red gelatinous substance in a strainer.	A man is holding a strainer with a strange sauce in the kitchen.	neutral
18793	A person holds a red gelatinous substance in a strainer.	Someone is holding a strainer with something in it.	entailment
18794	A person holds a red gelatinous substance in a strainer.	Someone is straining pasta in the kitchen.	contradiction
18795	An Asian man pushing a wheelchair.	An Asian man pushing an empty wheelchair to the hospital.	neutral
18796	An Asian man pushing a wheelchair.	An individual in the rear of a wheelchair pushing it.	entailment
18797	An Asian man pushing a wheelchair.	A girl sitting in a wheelchair waiting for a friend.	contradiction
18798	A woman stands beside a man with a wheelchair.	A woman pushes a child in a wheelchair.	contradiction
18799	A woman stands beside a man with a wheelchair.	A woman attends her husband in a wheelchair.	neutral
18800	A woman stands beside a man with a wheelchair.	People are present near a wheelchair.	entailment
18801	A Chinese man in a white shirt pushing a wheelchair.	there is a man in a white shirt	entailment
18802	A Chinese man in a white shirt pushing a wheelchair.	the man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
18803	A Chinese man in a white shirt pushing a wheelchair.	the man is wearing white trousers	neutral
18804	A Chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy Chinese street.	A man is pushing his wife in a wheelchair.	neutral
18805	A Chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy Chinese street.	A man is jogging down a busy street.	contradiction
18806	A Chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy Chinese street.	A lonely man pushes a chair in the street.	entailment
18807	A lady is standing along side the road of an Asian city next to a man pushing a wheelchair.	A lady in El Paso, Texas is standing near a man with a skateboard.	contradiction
18808	A lady is standing along side the road of an Asian city next to a man pushing a wheelchair.	A lady is taking photos of a man pushing a wheelchair.	neutral
18809	A lady is standing along side the road of an Asian city next to a man pushing a wheelchair.	A man is pushing a wheelchair with a lady standing nearby.	entailment
18810	Patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar.	People are eating at a hot dog stand.	contradiction
18811	Patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar.	People are meeting up with friends and they stopped to get sushi.	neutral
18812	Patrons a eating at a rotating sushi bar.	People are out eating sushi.	entailment
18813	A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them.	A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders	entailment
18814	A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them.	A team in red and black uniforms doesn't stand on each others' shoulders	contradiction
18815	A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them.	A team in red and black uniforms joyously stand on each others' shoulders	neutral
18816	A scuba diver emerges from the water and pulls himself onto the rocks.	A scuba diver is underwater looking at the fish.	contradiction
18817	A scuba diver emerges from the water and pulls himself onto the rocks.	A scuba diver is leaving the water.	entailment
18818	A scuba diver emerges from the water and pulls himself onto the rocks.	A scuba diver emerges after his oxygen gets low.	neutral
18819	A man is sleeping on a sofa outside.	A man carrying a sofa	contradiction
18820	A man is sleeping on a sofa outside.	A young man has been sleeping on a sofa for 2 hours	neutral
18821	A man is sleeping on a sofa outside.	There is a man outdoors	entailment
18822	An elderly man lies on a couch in an alleyway, both the couch and man are quite dirty.	The man is fresh and clean.	contradiction
18823	An elderly man lies on a couch in an alleyway, both the couch and man are quite dirty.	The man is not clean.	entailment
18824	An elderly man lies on a couch in an alleyway, both the couch and man are quite dirty.	The man in the alleyway is homeless.	neutral
18825	Older man sleeping on an old couch near parked cars.	The man is homeless	neutral
18826	Older man sleeping on an old couch near parked cars.	The man is outside	entailment
18827	Older man sleeping on an old couch near parked cars.	The man has a home	contradiction
18828	A man sleeping on a couch on the side of the road.	A man is sleeping.	entailment
18829	A man sleeping on a couch on the side of the road.	A man is homeless.	neutral
18830	A man sleeping on a couch on the side of the road.	A women is sleeping.	contradiction
18831	Man sleeping on an old couch in an alley.	A man is moving a couch.	contradiction
18832	Man sleeping on an old couch in an alley.	A homeless man is resting.	neutral
18833	Man sleeping on an old couch in an alley.	A man is sleeping.	entailment
18834	A group of people are standing outside next to what appears to be a telescope.	A group of people are sitting by a campfire.	contradiction
18835	A group of people are standing outside next to what appears to be a telescope.	A family is standing next to a telescope.	neutral
18836	A group of people are standing outside next to what appears to be a telescope.	People are outside	entailment
18837	People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance.	There are a group of people in this picture	entailment
18838	People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance.	they are having a buying jewelry at a party	contradiction
18839	People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance.	Thy are waiting for a one hundred year event to take place	neutral
18840	Four cyclists racing around a bicycle track.	Four runners racing around a racetrack.	contradiction
18841	Four cyclists racing around a bicycle track.	A track with bikers racing on it.	entailment
18842	Four cyclists racing around a bicycle track.	Four cyclists practicing for the big race.	neutral
18843	Speed racers on bikes moving threw a curve in the track.	Professional racers racing each other	neutral
18844	Speed racers on bikes moving threw a curve in the track.	People racing on a track	entailment
18845	Speed racers on bikes moving threw a curve in the track.	People riding bikes for fun	neutral
18846	One cyclist takes the lead over the other 3, racing in the velodrome.	Four cyclists race.	entailment
18847	One cyclist takes the lead over the other 3, racing in the velodrome.	Five snowmobilers race.	contradiction
18848	One cyclist takes the lead over the other 3, racing in the velodrome.	Four cyclists race for a large cash prize.	neutral
18849	Four cyclists, three of the in-line and one to the side, are cycling down the track.	bicycle riders out for a ride	neutral
18850	Four cyclists, three of the in-line and one to the side, are cycling down the track.	bicycle riders going to the store	contradiction
18851	Four cyclists, three of the in-line and one to the side, are cycling down the track.	bicyclist racing down a track	entailment
18852	An elderly asian woman presenting food in a tuber ware container.	A woman with earings smiling.	neutral
18853	An elderly asian woman presenting food in a tuber ware container.	An elderly women displays food.	entailment
18854	An elderly asian woman presenting food in a tuber ware container.	An elderly woman brings food to a potluck.	neutral
18855	A woman with a backpack and a child kneeling in the sand on a beach with boats in the background.	A woman and child waiting for the tide to come in so they can go swimming.	neutral
18856	A woman with a backpack and a child kneeling in the sand on a beach with boats in the background.	A woman and child on the sand of a beach.	entailment
18857	A woman with a backpack and a child kneeling in the sand on a beach with boats in the background.	A man eats a slice of cake.	contradiction
18858	A woman and young child stand on the beach next to an ocean filled with sailboats.	A woman and child are at the beach.	entailment
18859	A woman and young child stand on the beach next to an ocean filled with sailboats.	A man is playing cards.	contradiction
18860	A woman and young child stand on the beach next to an ocean filled with sailboats.	A woman and child are getting ready to swim.	neutral
18861	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	Two men having a frisbee catch on a summer day.	contradiction
18862	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	There is a woman and a young girl swimming in a pool.	contradiction
18863	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	A family watching a safety lesson from afar.	neutral
18864	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	A old man drinks a beer.	contradiction
18865	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	There is a woman and a young girl watching sailboats in the distance.	neutral
18866	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	People are enjoying being next to the water.	entailment
18867	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	A baby's first trip to the beach.	neutral
18868	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	lady and kid on the sand	entailment
18869	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	A woman a child watch the ocean.	entailment
18870	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	mom and son watch sailboats	neutral
18871	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	mom and child swim	contradiction
18872	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	There are people outside on the beach.	entailment
18873	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	Woman takes her sick child to the doctor's office.	contradiction
18874	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	Two people in sand looking at the water.	entailment
18875	A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean.	A mother and daughter love to sail.	neutral
18876	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.	Puppies play with their favorite toy in a field.	neutral
18877	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.	Puppies play with a bone in a field.	contradiction
18878	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.	Animals play in a field.	entailment
18879	In this photo, a woman and child are at the beach	There is a woman and her son swimming.	neutral
18880	In this photo, a woman and child are at the beach	A woman and her son are sleeping.	contradiction
18881	In this photo, a woman and child are at the beach	There is a woman and her son outside.	entailment
18882	Two dogs try to get an orange toy.	Two dogs want a toy.,	entailment
18883	Two dogs try to get an orange toy.	Three dogs don't want anything.	contradiction
18884	Two dogs try to get an orange toy.	Two dogs want a toy ball.	neutral
18885	A man in a white t-shirt is crossing the sidewalk.	A man is wearing a white shirt.	entailment
18886	A man in a white t-shirt is crossing the sidewalk.	The man is crossing the street to get to his job.	neutral
18887	A man in a white t-shirt is crossing the sidewalk.	The man got ran over.	contradiction
18888	A man in a pink, purple, and turquoise suit converses with a child.	A man in a dress beats a child.	contradiction
18889	A man in a pink, purple, and turquoise suit converses with a child.	A man in a suit converses with a child.	entailment
18890	A man in a pink, purple, and turquoise suit converses with a child.	A man teaches a child a lesson.	neutral
18891	A steel worker on the job.	He is at a party nowhere near his job.	contradiction
18892	A steel worker on the job.	He is very tired.	neutral
18893	A steel worker on the job.	He is working to help make steel.	entailment
18894	A male and female snowboarder pose for the camera in snow.	Two people are racing.	contradiction
18895	A male and female snowboarder pose for the camera in snow.	Two people pose after a race.	neutral
18896	A male and female snowboarder pose for the camera in snow.	Two people pose.	entailment
18897	A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window.	A tall human seasoning.	neutral
18898	A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window.	Nobody is seasoning.	contradiction
18899	A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window.	A human seasoning.	entailment
18900	A man stirs carmel corn with a large paddle.	A man mixing something	entailment
18901	A man stirs carmel corn with a large paddle.	A man serving drinks at a bar	contradiction
18902	A man stirs carmel corn with a large paddle.	A man working at a street festival	neutral
18903	A chef in a white uniform mixes popcorn with a large wooden utensil.	A chef is mixing popcorn in his kitchen.	neutral
18904	A chef in a white uniform mixes popcorn with a large wooden utensil.	A chef is mixing popcorn with a wooden spoon.	entailment
18905	A chef in a white uniform mixes popcorn with a large wooden utensil.	A chef is preparing a fresh squid risotto.	contradiction
18906	A man is stirring caramel corn in a big white suit.	A man has a big white hat.	neutral
18907	A man is stirring caramel corn in a big white suit.	A man looks down a waterfall.	contradiction
18908	A man is stirring caramel corn in a big white suit.	A man is stirring something.	entailment
18909	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	The chef volunteers at the local street fair.	neutral
18910	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	The chef is washing dishes.	contradiction
18911	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	a man who loves to cook bakes caramel corn for his children	neutral
18912	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	a restaurant makes vegetables for everyone who enters	contradiction
18913	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	The chef is making food.	neutral
18914	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	New York's finest chef prepares caramel kettle corn for the President.	neutral
18915	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	There is kettle corn.	entailment
18916	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	A street vendor makes cotton candy for a group of kids.	contradiction
18917	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	a cook gets a batch of kettle corn ready	entailment
18918	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	The chef cuts some steaks.	contradiction
18919	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	A cook is making food.	entailment
18920	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	The chef is making some sweets.	entailment
18921	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	A chef in the kitchen.	neutral
18922	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	A chef taking a shower.	contradiction
18923	A chef preparing caramel kettle corn.	A chef making a sweet snack.	entailment
18924	A black dog runs with a white dog	The dogs are red and gray.	contradiction
18925	A black dog runs with a white dog	The dogs are outside playing.	neutral
18926	A black dog runs with a white dog	The black dog is running with the white dog.	entailment
18927	A couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber.	The couple is outdoors.	entailment
18928	A couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber.	The couple is sitting near a pool.	contradiction
18929	A couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber.	The couple is on a mountain.	neutral
18930	A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.	A man is participating in a racing competition.	neutral
18931	A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.	A man is outside being pulled by animals.	entailment
18932	A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.	A man is feeding all of his dogs in his house.	contradiction
18933	A man wearing black clothing and a black helmet bikes through a forest trail.	A guy is on his horse heading to the river.	contradiction
18934	A man wearing black clothing and a black helmet bikes through a forest trail.	A guy is on his bike heading toward the river.	neutral
18935	A man wearing black clothing and a black helmet bikes through a forest trail.	A guy is on a bike.	entailment
18936	A man off in the distance by a Buddhist temple.	A buddhist off in the distance preparing to pray.	neutral
18937	A man off in the distance by a Buddhist temple.	A close up of a man standing at a restaurant.	contradiction
18938	A man off in the distance by a Buddhist temple.	A man far away by a temple.	entailment
18939	A man is riding a scooter in front of a store.	A man is looking at a store as he rides by on his scooter.	neutral
18940	A man is riding a scooter in front of a store.	A man in a car drives past a bus stop.	contradiction
18941	A man is riding a scooter in front of a store.	There is a man on a scooter.	entailment
18942	A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
18943	A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.	A man is looking for a friend.	neutral
18944	A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.	A man has on a tie.	entailment
18945	A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing.	a boy rides a skateboard near a building	neutral
18946	A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing.	a boy does a trick on a skateboard	entailment
18947	A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing.	a girl eats chips	contradiction
18948	A little boy is looking somewhere with interest.	The little boy is watching a space shuttle launch at Cape Canaveral	neutral
18949	A little boy is looking somewhere with interest.	There is one child in this picture.	entailment
18950	A little boy is looking somewhere with interest.	The little boy is staring at the ground in bored apathy.	contradiction
18951	A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange.	A man and woman talking.	entailment
18952	A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange.	A man and woman in a crowd of people are kissing.	contradiction
18953	A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange.	A man and woman in a crowd of people are having an argument.	neutral
18954	A small child in a white hooded sweatshirt stands at the door.	A child is wearing a shirt with a hood.	entailment
18955	A small child in a white hooded sweatshirt stands at the door.	A child is waiting to go outside.	neutral
18956	A small child in a white hooded sweatshirt stands at the door.	A child is sitting on a doorstep.	contradiction
18957	A little kid with blond-hair, a white jacket and blue pants holding a door.	The kid is waiting for his parents.	neutral
18958	A little kid with blond-hair, a white jacket and blue pants holding a door.	A little kid with blond-hair, a blue jacket and blue pants holding a door.	contradiction
18959	A little kid with blond-hair, a white jacket and blue pants holding a door.	A kid is holding a door.	entailment
18960	A toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.	A male toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.	neutral
18961	A toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.	A toddler holds on to a wall.	entailment
18962	A toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.	A man in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.	contradiction
18963	A small blond boy with a white jacket stands in a doorway.	A towheaded kid stand in a doorway.	entailment
18964	A small blond boy with a white jacket stands in a doorway.	The little boy is waiting for his friend to come out and play.	neutral
18965	A small blond boy with a white jacket stands in a doorway.	A little blond boy wears a blue and purple checked coat.	contradiction
18966	Man wearing hat, cardigan, and tie in a crowd of people	The man is alone.	contradiction
18967	Man wearing hat, cardigan, and tie in a crowd of people	The man is talking to the group.	neutral
18968	Man wearing hat, cardigan, and tie in a crowd of people	The man is wearing a hat in front of a group.	entailment
18969	Three men conducting a train in Asia.	The men are in asia	entailment
18970	Three men conducting a train in Asia.	the men are conducting	neutral
18971	Three men conducting a train in Asia.	The men are sleeping	contradiction
18972	A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.	The boy is looking for a toy outside.	neutral
18973	A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.	The boy is walking outside.	entailment
18974	A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.	The boy knows he will soon turn to stone.	contradiction
18975	During a sunny day, a dark brown horse and its rider leap over an obstacle in front of a small crowd of men, women, and children.	A horse and its rider leap over a obstacle.	entailment
18976	During a sunny day, a dark brown horse and its rider leap over an obstacle in front of a small crowd of men, women, and children.	A horse leaps over a log obstacle.	neutral
18977	During a sunny day, a dark brown horse and its rider leap over an obstacle in front of a small crowd of men, women, and children.	A horse eats hay in the barn	contradiction
18978	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man riding a horse	entailment
18979	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is in a dog show.	contradiction
18980	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A group of people are sledding down a snowy hill.	contradiction
18981	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A male equestrian rider competes for the championship.	neutral
18982	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is riding a horse.	entailment
18983	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is riding a horse in a show.	neutral
18984	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is standing next to his horse waiting for the event to begin.	contradiction
18985	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is outside.	entailment
18986	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A young girl rides her horse for the first time	contradiction
18987	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man is riding a horse in a competition for charity.	neutral
18988	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man horseback rider makes a dump on the course.	entailment
18989	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A champion rider is competing during a tournament.	neutral
18990	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man on top of a horse.	entailment
18991	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A man rides his horse across the grassy field of the competition grounds	neutral
18992	A male Equestrian rider leans forward as his horse stretches out for the 2nd jump of the course, as the crowd looks on with amazement	A cowboy rides his horse in the rodeo.	contradiction
18993	A person on their horse jumping over an endurance course jump.	The person is on the horse	entailment
18994	A person on their horse jumping over an endurance course jump.	The horse has landed this jump many times in the past	neutral
18995	A person on their horse jumping over an endurance course jump.	The person is riding a goose	contradiction
18996	An equestrian on a dark horse is leaving the ground to jump a hurdle.	A dark horse is sleeping.	contradiction
18997	An equestrian on a dark horse is leaving the ground to jump a hurdle.	A horse is in motion.	entailment
18998	An equestrian on a dark horse is leaving the ground to jump a hurdle.	The equestrian is a woman.	neutral
18999	A jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle	The horse is going to jump without a jockey.	contradiction
19000	A jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle	The horse is prepared to jump over an obstacle	entailment
19001	A man in jeans and a brown shirt is pushing dollies.	A man is working in a factory.	neutral
19002	A man in jeans and a brown shirt is pushing dollies.	A person is wearing jeans.	entailment
19003	A man in jeans and a brown shirt is pushing dollies.	A man in jeans and a brown shirt is climbing a ladder.	contradiction
19004	A small boy looking at the camera.	A child looks at a camera.	entailment
19005	A small boy looking at the camera.	A child smiles for a photo.	neutral
19006	A small boy looking at the camera.	A woman smiles for a photo.	contradiction
19007	A conductor of a train is inside the train working on it as two other men watch.	A conductor of train id repairing the train.	neutral
19008	A conductor of a train is inside the train working on it as two other men watch.	Two men are driving the train.	contradiction
19009	A conductor of a train is inside the train working on it as two other men watch.	A conductor of train is on work.	entailment
19010	The Wine Shop	The Wine shop does not sell alcohol or wine	contradiction
19011	The Wine Shop	The Wine shop sells wine and alcohol	entailment
19012	The Wine Shop	The Wine Shop just opened	neutral
19013	The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.	A young child runs through the woods.	contradiction
19014	The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.	A young child sitting on the grass.	entailment
19015	The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.	A young child eating lunch while sitting on the grass.	neutral
19016	A young performer singing and playing electric guitar.	A person plays guitar.	neutral
19017	A young performer singing and playing electric guitar.	Someone plays guitar.	entailment
19018	A young performer singing and playing electric guitar.	A cat plays the piano.	contradiction
19019	One man giving a presentation to a group of people in the center of circle made out of tables.	the man is inside	contradiction
19020	One man giving a presentation to a group of people in the center of circle made out of tables.	The man is pitching a project	neutral
19021	One man giving a presentation to a group of people in the center of circle made out of tables.	The guy is working	entailment
19022	An artist shows off his work to a large crowd of people who appear to be listening intently to the artist's description of his display.	An arists working diligently alone in his apartment.	contradiction
19023	An artist shows off his work to a large crowd of people who appear to be listening intently to the artist's description of his display.	A piece of art on display.	entailment
19024	An artist shows off his work to a large crowd of people who appear to be listening intently to the artist's description of his display.	An artist shows off his sculpture.	neutral
19025	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A woman is selling products to customers	contradiction
19026	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A salesperson is selling knives to customers.	neutral
19027	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is selling products to customers.	entailment
19028	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A woman is wearing a plaid shirt.	contradiction
19029	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is selling cars.	neutral
19030	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A salesperson is unloading a refrigerator in the backroom.	contradiction
19031	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is selling electronics to customers.	neutral
19032	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	The plaid shirt is mostly red.	neutral
19033	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is selling products	entailment
19034	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	Someone is selling products.	entailment
19035	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A woman in a dress is selling products to customers.	contradiction
19036	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man in a plaid shirt is buying things.	contradiction
19037	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is working for commissions on sales	neutral
19038	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is working.	entailment
19039	A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.	A man is wearing a plaid shirt.	entailment
19040	Man talking to a crowd of people in an expo style setting.	The woman sweeps the floor.	contradiction
19041	Man talking to a crowd of people in an expo style setting.	The speaker attracted a group for his speech.	entailment
19042	Man talking to a crowd of people in an expo style setting.	The demonstator had a product that everyone wanted.	neutral
19043	The speaker is introducing the new products on a fair.	a speaker is in a cafe eating	contradiction
19044	The speaker is introducing the new products on a fair.	a speaker does not like the products he presents	neutral
19045	The speaker is introducing the new products on a fair.	a speaker presents some products	entailment
19046	A man working with machinery with other men.	A man is working.	neutral
19047	A man working with machinery with other men.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
19048	A man working with machinery with other men.	A man is tinkering on machinery.	entailment
19049	a brown dog jumping into the beach	A dog is on the beach	entailment
19050	a brown dog jumping into the beach	A dog is jumping in the air	neutral
19051	a brown dog jumping into the beach	A cat is on the beach	contradiction
19052	A man sleeps while listening to his iPod in the back of a vehicle.	A man sleeping while driving a car.	contradiction
19053	A man sleeps while listening to his iPod in the back of a vehicle.	A man sleeping on a road trip.	neutral
19054	A man sleeps while listening to his iPod in the back of a vehicle.	Someone listening to audio.	entailment
19055	An older couple discusses a vegetable.	Two old people talk about a cucumber.	neutral
19056	An older couple discusses a vegetable.	Two old people talk about a veggie.	entailment
19057	An older couple discusses a vegetable.	Three old people talk about sex.	contradiction
19058	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man is asleep	entailment
19059	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A man sleeps amongst the luggage in the back of a vehicle.	entailment
19060	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A man naps amongs the luggle in the back of his car.	neutral
19061	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	There is a young man in the back of a vehicle.	entailment
19062	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A woman is awake and eating at a cafe.	contradiction
19063	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man wearing a white shirt is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
19064	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man is playing basketball	contradiction
19065	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	a man sleeps in the back of a vehicle	entailment
19066	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A man steal luggage from a family vehicle and runs away.	contradiction
19067	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man is trying to rest up before an exam	neutral
19068	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	a man on stage performing for the crowd	contradiction
19069	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A man travelling on a train is asleep obscured by his luggage.	neutral
19070	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man is sleeping because he had a long and exhausting day.	neutral
19071	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	A young man is asleep.	entailment
19072	Partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.	a man on a long road trip	neutral
19073	A woman in a gray shirt shopping for tomatoes.	A women and her child are shopping.	neutral
19074	A woman in a gray shirt shopping for tomatoes.	A Clothed woman is shopping for vegetables.	entailment
19075	A woman in a gray shirt shopping for tomatoes.	A naked woman shopping for underwear.	contradiction
19076	A man is sleeping by a bunch of luggage.	The man sleeps on the airport bench by luggage.	neutral
19077	A man is sleeping by a bunch of luggage.	The man is sleeping.	entailment
19078	A man is sleeping by a bunch of luggage.	The man sits awake by the trash.	contradiction
19079	Onlookers looking upon a play being performed.	An audience awaits for a play to begin.	contradiction
19080	Onlookers looking upon a play being performed.	A production of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet is enjoyed by the crowd.	neutral
19081	Onlookers looking upon a play being performed.	A play is performed for an audience.	entailment
19082	A little girl is practicing karate with people in the background.	The girl is at a karate tournament.	neutral
19083	A little girl is practicing karate with people in the background.	There is more than one person in the background.	entailment
19084	A little girl is practicing karate with people in the background.	The girl is having a tea party in her room.	contradiction
19085	A dog hides in the bushes.	A dog is licking his fur.	neutral
19086	A dog hides in the bushes.	A dog hides from something.	entailment
19087	A dog hides in the bushes.	A dog is solving cancer.	contradiction
19088	A man holding something that he has purchased.	a man is holding a computer part	neutral
19089	A man holding something that he has purchased.	a man is holding a purchased item	entailment
19090	A man holding something that he has purchased.	a man is holding a wand purchased from ollivanders before voldemort took him	contradiction
19091	The little girl is playing with her shoes off.	A girl took her shoes off because they have holes in them.	neutral
19092	The little girl is playing with her shoes off.	A girl is wearing boots jumping around.	contradiction
19093	The little girl is playing with her shoes off.	A little girl is not wearing her shoes.	entailment
19094	This girl is playing on an object which is yellow, green, red, and blue.	The girl plays on the object.	entailment
19095	This girl is playing on an object which is yellow, green, red, and blue.	The girls plays on the object during class.	neutral
19096	This girl is playing on an object which is yellow, green, red, and blue.	The girl plays on the black object.	contradiction
19097	A man overlooks stands on the beach overlooking the sea with a cityscape in the background.	The man was enjoying his view	neutral
19098	A man overlooks stands on the beach overlooking the sea with a cityscape in the background.	The man was watching tv	contradiction
19099	A man overlooks stands on the beach overlooking the sea with a cityscape in the background.	A man overlooks stands on the beach overlooking the seas with a cityscape in the background	entailment
19100	A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet.	A girl is playing.	entailment
19101	A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet.	A girl is jumping on the bed.	neutral
19102	A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet.	A girl is swimming.	contradiction
19103	A girl in a bounce house.	A girl in a house.	entailment
19104	A girl in a bounce house.	A girl in a yellow house.	contradiction
19105	A girl in a bounce house.	A girl with green hair is in a blue swimming pool.	contradiction
19106	A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground.	A person is entertaining a small crowd.	neutral
19107	A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground.	A person rides a bike in a race.	contradiction
19108	A street performer is performing with a bike in the foreground.	A bike is in front of a person.	entailment
19109	A group of men, some wearing military uniforms, standing near a water park.	Some men wearing military uniforms are standing near a water park	neutral
19110	A group of men, some wearing military uniforms, standing near a water park.	a group of women are standing near a water park	contradiction
19111	A group of men, some wearing military uniforms, standing near a water park.	a group of men with some in military uniforms are standing near a water park	entailment
19112	Three young women are playing softball.	There are women playing a game.	entailment
19113	Three young women are playing softball.	Three women are watching a game of baseball on television.	contradiction
19114	Three young women are playing softball.	There are three young women playing softball in a green field in front of a crowd of people.	neutral
19115	A group of cyclists riding their bikes in a marathon.	Some runners are running alongside several bikers in a marathon.	neutral
19116	A group of cyclists riding their bikes in a marathon.	A cycling marathon is happening.	entailment
19117	A group of cyclists riding their bikes in a marathon.	Everyone is doing a marathon on foot.	contradiction
19118	A young girl in a traditional white karate uniform demonstrates her skill.	A girl is indoors.	entailment
19119	A young girl in a traditional white karate uniform demonstrates her skill.	A girl is on Mars.	contradiction
19120	A young girl in a traditional white karate uniform demonstrates her skill.	A girl is in a competition.	neutral
19121	A person is caught upside down in the air while in the midst of doing a flip.	A human in the air	entailment
19122	A person is caught upside down in the air while in the midst of doing a flip.	A tall person in the air	neutral
19123	A person is caught upside down in the air while in the midst of doing a flip.	Nobody in the air	contradiction
19124	a man walks through an arcade.	The man searches the arcade for his son.	neutral
19125	a man walks through an arcade.	The woman walked through the store.	contradiction
19126	a man walks through an arcade.	The man walks through the arcade.	entailment
19127	Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background.	The woman is indoors.	contradiction
19128	Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background.	The woman is on vacation.	neutral
19129	Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background.	The woman is outside.	entailment
19130	Two little boys are playing with toys.	The boys are not playing with toys.	contradiction
19131	Two little boys are playing with toys.	The boys are wearing black shirts.	neutral
19132	Two little boys are playing with toys.	Toys are being played with.	entailment
19133	Two young boys playing, with the younger boy sitting and smiling.	The boys are playing a game of cards.	neutral
19134	Two young boys playing, with the younger boy sitting and smiling.	The boys are yelling and fighting.	contradiction
19135	Two young boys playing, with the younger boy sitting and smiling.	The boys are playing and at least one is enjoying it.	entailment
19136	A woman is selling handmade hats.	A woman is selling handmade hats to tourists visiting Machu Pichu.	neutral
19137	A woman is selling handmade hats.	Hats are being sold.	entailment
19138	A woman is selling handmade hats.	A woman is giving away free hats.	contradiction
19139	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two young boys are climbing up a ladder to the top of a slide in the park.	contradiction
19140	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Three people are playing with legos and a cushion.	entailment
19141	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	The boys and the adult are sitting on the floor doing nothing.	contradiction
19142	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two boys and an adult are playing on a white carpet.	entailment
19143	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two children and an adult are playing with toys inside.	entailment
19144	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	There are colorful Lego pieces scattered all over the floor.	neutral
19145	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	A man is playing with his kids on a white carpet.	neutral
19146	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two boys and their father are playing with big preschool Legos and a red cushion.	neutral
19147	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	A child plays on a carpet alone.	contradiction
19148	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Boys and an adult are playing together.	entailment
19149	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two boys and an adult are building something with Legos in the living room.	neutral
19150	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	preschool children are napping.	contradiction
19151	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Three people are playing with some toys near a couch.	entailment
19152	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	A family is playing with together .	neutral
19153	Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.	Two boys and an adult are playing at the playground.	contradiction
19154	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	A baby and toddler play near each other.	entailment
19155	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Two kids play near their parents feet.	neutral
19156	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Two children are playing.	entailment
19157	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Godzilla stomps Tokyo.	contradiction
19158	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	The ball pit is sitting on a bed of lava.	contradiction
19159	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	A woman takes a photo.	neutral
19160	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Two adults are standing motionlessly.	contradiction
19161	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	A brother and sister play near each other.	neutral
19162	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	The ball pit is larger than the baby.	entailment
19163	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	A man plays near a woman with a cameras feet.	contradiction
19164	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	The ball pit has more than one color ball.	neutral
19165	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	A woman is playing inside a ball pit while a toddler watches on.	contradiction
19166	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Two children play near someones feet.	entailment
19167	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	The photographer is taking a picture of his kids at play.	neutral
19168	A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.	Children are present.	entailment
19169	A group of people sitting outside having a conversation.	The group of people sit outside during the wedding.	neutral
19170	A group of people sitting outside having a conversation.	The person sits quietly outside.	contradiction
19171	A group of people sitting outside having a conversation.	The group of people sit outside.	entailment
19172	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	A boy runs across a playground chasing a ball.	neutral
19173	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	A boy runs across a playground.	entailment
19174	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	A boy sits in a classroom.	contradiction
19175	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A fixes a bicycle.	entailment
19176	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man is fixing his car.	contradiction
19177	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	Even though he had to stop the biker still has a chance of winning the the Tour de France.	neutral
19178	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	The guy does his own work on his bike.	entailment
19179	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man fixes his bike in a neighborhood park.	neutral
19180	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A small girl rides her tricycle.	contradiction
19181	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	The guy stays in his basement on his stationary bike.	contradiction
19182	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man is fixing his bicycle.	entailment
19183	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man uses a wrench to tighten the wheels on a bicycle.	neutral
19184	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man is fixing his son's bicycle	neutral
19185	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man has a broken bicycle	entailment
19186	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man stands in a garage that is closed.	contradiction
19187	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man is eating in a restaurant	contradiction
19188	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man is fixing his new bicycle.	neutral
19189	A man fixing his bicycle by some trees.	A man fixes his bike.	entailment
19190	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The journey is delayed because of a hurricane.	contradiction
19191	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	Mechanical issues have delayed a trip.	entailment
19192	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	There is something wrong with the journey.	entailment
19193	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The trip has been suspended due to issues	entailment
19194	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	A machine is malfunctioning.	entailment
19195	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The alternator fell out of the families new car.	neutral
19196	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The airport is closed due to a storm.	contradiction
19197	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The bus has broken down at the side of the road	neutral
19198	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	Due to problems the journey can not continue.	entailment
19199	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The journey is delayed because the vehicle stopped working.	neutral
19200	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The bus has caught a flat tire.	neutral
19201	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The airplane is not able to leave due to mechanical malfunction.	neutral
19202	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	Since everything is going perfectly, the family will make their trip on time.	contradiction
19203	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The journey has commenced.	contradiction
19204	The journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.	The journey was completed without any issues whatsoever	contradiction
19205	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	The man is riding his bike down the street.	contradiction
19206	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	The man is fixing his broken bike on the road.	neutral
19207	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	The man is taking apart his bike.	entailment
19208	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	The man is very experienced with bikes.	neutral
19209	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man dissembles his bike roadside.	entailment
19210	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man is skating down the street.	contradiction
19211	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man takes his bike apart in his garage.	contradiction
19212	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man takes his bike apart to figure out the problem he is having.	neutral
19213	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man is repairing a flat tire on his bike beside the road.	neutral
19214	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man is examining his bike.	entailment
19215	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A cyclist is repairing his bicycle.	neutral
19216	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man's bike is lying apart on the road.	entailment
19217	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man disassembles his bike outside.	entailment
19218	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	A man changes the oil in his car.	contradiction
19219	A man takes his bike apart on the side of the road.	The man does not own a bike.	contradiction
19220	A small boy running track	A boy in last place at his track meet.	neutral
19221	A small boy running track	An athlete competes in the javelin throw.	contradiction
19222	A small boy running track	A boy runs track.	entailment
19223	A man with a ponytail is fixing a bike.	A man is fixing a bicycle.	entailment
19224	A man with a ponytail is fixing a bike.	The man is a mechanic.	neutral
19225	A man with a ponytail is fixing a bike.	The man is taking apart an antique car.	contradiction
19226	Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water.	A woman is outside.	entailment
19227	Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water.	A man is climbing near a body of water.	contradiction
19228	Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water.	A woman is hiking a cliff.	neutral
19229	A man is vacuuming his yard	A man is cleaning his lawn.	entailment
19230	A man is vacuuming his yard	A man is sweeping up all of the leaves.	neutral
19231	A man is vacuuming his yard	A man is vacuuming his bedroom.	contradiction
19232	a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing	The girl is taking a break from swimming with her cousins to try out their swing.	neutral
19233	a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing	The girl is coloring in her coloring book on the picnic table next to the pool	contradiction
19234	a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing	There is a little girl in this picture, and she is outside.	entailment
19235	A man is vacuuming the grass on his lawn.	The husband is inside watching television.	contradiction
19236	A man is vacuuming the grass on his lawn.	A male adult is taking part in an outdoor activity.	entailment
19237	A man is vacuuming the grass on his lawn.	The person is cleaning up for house guests.	neutral
19238	A man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass.	A man cuts cleans up the grass.	entailment
19239	A man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass.	A bunny eats a carrot.	contradiction
19240	A man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass.	The landscaper makes the yard look perfect.	neutral
19241	Man using a vacuum on his lawn.	The vacuum got rid of some grass.	neutral
19242	Man using a vacuum on his lawn.	The lawn was mowed very well.	contradiction
19243	Man using a vacuum on his lawn.	The man thought his vacuum was the lawnmower.	entailment
19244	A man with glasses vacuuming his lawn.	A man is fast asleep in his bed.	contradiction
19245	A man with glasses vacuuming his lawn.	A man is getting spilled rice up from his yard with his shop vacuum.	neutral
19246	A man with glasses vacuuming his lawn.	A man is vacuuming his lawn.	entailment
19247	Children play with a remote-control boat in a pond with a boat house.	Childern are sleeping	contradiction
19248	Children play with a remote-control boat in a pond with a boat house.	Childern are playing	entailment
19249	Children play with a remote-control boat in a pond with a boat house.	Childern crash the boat.	neutral
19250	Older woman listens to another woman's belly.	A woman listens to another woman's belly.	entailment
19251	Older woman listens to another woman's belly.	A woman is listening for baby kicks.	neutral
19252	Older woman listens to another woman's belly.	A man is tickling another man's belly	contradiction
19253	A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament.	A woman is smiling	neutral
19254	A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament.	A woman is wearing a unique head jewellery	entailment
19255	A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament.	A woman is walking in a park.	contradiction
19256	A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore.	No one stands on shore where a vehicle has just released a boat.	contradiction
19257	A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore.	A man is near the water where a boat has been released.	entailment
19258	A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore.	A boat is in the water where a man stands on the lake shore.	neutral
19259	An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.	someone watches a boat sail away	entailment
19260	An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.	there is something on the water while a woman watches it	neutral
19261	An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.	a woman watches a boat stay in place	contradiction
19262	A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach.	The boat is white.	neutral
19263	A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach.	There is no water near the beach.	contradiction
19264	A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach.	There is someone on the beach.	entailment
19265	An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.	The orange boat leaves the shore	entailment
19266	An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.	The orange boat is sleeping.	contradiction
19267	An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.	The orange boat is watching nearby	neutral
19268	The boat rushed off.	The family was boarding the boat by the dock.	contradiction
19269	The boat rushed off.	There is a boat.	entailment
19270	The boat rushed off.	The boat rushed off in pursuit of the ferry.	neutral
19271	A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party.	a man looks at the camera	entailment
19272	A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party.	the man is a model	neutral
19273	A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party.	the man is in a tuxedo	contradiction
19274	A shirtless brown-skinned man wearing sunglasses and blue jean shorts is standing in front of a group of people.	The man with sunglasses has a shirt on.	contradiction
19275	A shirtless brown-skinned man wearing sunglasses and blue jean shorts is standing in front of a group of people.	There is a shirtless brown man in a picture.	entailment
19276	A shirtless brown-skinned man wearing sunglasses and blue jean shorts is standing in front of a group of people.	The man with sunglasses is blind.	neutral
19277	A man getting his shoes shined on a busy street.	The man pays a boy to shine his shoes.	neutral
19278	A man getting his shoes shined on a busy street.	The man gets his shoes cleaned.	entailment
19279	A man getting his shoes shined on a busy street.	The woman is dress shopping.	contradiction
19280	Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table.	A woman shops for jewelry.	neutral
19281	Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table.	The woman looks at vegetables in the market.	contradiction
19282	Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table.	A woman is wearing a red shirt.	entailment
19283	A man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold.	The man is searching for something.	entailment
19284	A man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold.	The man is a professional gold miner.	neutral
19285	A man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold.	The man is wearing a pink shirt.	contradiction
19286	A man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes.	Someone is having their shoes shined outdoors.	entailment
19287	A man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes.	A man in a suit is having his shoes shined.	neutral
19288	A man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes.	Someone is having their sandal fixed.	contradiction
19289	A man in blue shirt winnowing gravel for construction purposes.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
19290	A man in blue shirt winnowing gravel for construction purposes.	A construction worker is winnowing gravel.	neutral
19291	A man in blue shirt winnowing gravel for construction purposes.	There is a man shoveling gravel.	entailment
19292	A young man in a red t-shirt is cooking with a skillet.	The young man is cooking hamburger helper.	neutral
19293	A young man in a red t-shirt is cooking with a skillet.	The young man is wearing a brown shirt.	contradiction
19294	A young man in a red t-shirt is cooking with a skillet.	The young man has a pan.	entailment
19295	Two men, sitting on ambulance motorcycles, are talking to each other.	Two men, standing by an ambulance motorcycles, are yelling at each other.	contradiction
19296	Two men, sitting on ambulance motorcycles, are talking to each other.	Two men are talking to each other while sitting on an ambulance motorcycling.	entailment
19297	Two men, sitting on ambulance motorcycles, are talking to each other.	Two men in uniform are sitting on ambulance motorcycles talking to each other.	neutral
19298	A man sits in a train car smiling at the camera.	A man runs down the aisle on the train.	contradiction
19299	A man sits in a train car smiling at the camera.	A man is on a train.	entailment
19300	A man sits in a train car smiling at the camera.	A man is happy to have his picture taken on a train.	neutral
19301	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	a person does tricks on a skateboard	entailment
19302	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	A young male skateboarder doing a trick outdoors.	neutral
19303	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	skateboarder does a trick	entailment
19304	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	A skateboarder jumps over a curb.	neutral
19305	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	a young girl does an ollie	neutral
19306	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	The Young skateboarder is a pro skater	neutral
19307	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	The young skateboarder is using in-line skates	contradiction
19308	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	Young skateboarder is swimming.	contradiction
19309	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	skateboarder practices for xgames	neutral
19310	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	guy sits on bus	contradiction
19311	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	A young skateboarder skates inside his house.	contradiction
19312	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	A skateboarder does a trick.	entailment
19313	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	There is a skateboarder.	entailment
19314	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	The young skateboarder was doing tricks in the park	entailment
19315	Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.	a boy rides a bike	contradiction
19316	A white male is talking on a microphone.	A woman is typing on her computer.	contradiction
19317	A white male is talking on a microphone.	A person is saying something into a microphone.	entailment
19318	A white male is talking on a microphone.	The MC is announcing the next comedy act.	neutral
19319	A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio.	The dogs are outside.	entailment
19320	A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio.	The dogs are on the couch.	contradiction
19321	A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio.	The brown dog is chasing a squirrel.	neutral
19322	A man on a train with a blue shirt on.	Man on a train is wearing a blue shirt	entailment
19323	A man on a train with a blue shirt on.	A man travelling on the train	entailment
19324	A man on a train with a blue shirt on.	Man watching the blue clear sky	contradiction
19325	A boy in t-shirt, jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board, arms flung out.	The boy is sitting quietly at church.	contradiction
19326	A boy in t-shirt, jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board, arms flung out.	The boy is about to fall on the ground.	neutral
19327	A boy in t-shirt, jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board, arms flung out.	The boy is trying to do a trick on his skateboard.	entailment
19328	A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.	Someone is riding a skateboard.	entailment
19329	A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.	The man is riding his bicycle. through the park.	contradiction
19330	A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.	A skateboarder is competing in a competition.	neutral
19331	A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space.	The skateboarder is smiling.	neutral
19332	A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space.	The skateboarder is jumping over a cliff.	contradiction
19333	A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space.	The city looks very clean and industrious. No garbage or filth in view as the skateboarder does his trick.	entailment
19334	A man is pushing a bicycle kart with various drinks on it.	A man pushes a cart.	entailment
19335	A man is pushing a bicycle kart with various drinks on it.	A man wipes a counter.	contradiction
19336	A man is pushing a bicycle kart with various drinks on it.	A man is selling beverages at the beach.	neutral
19337	A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken	A prisoner is doing push-ups.	contradiction
19338	A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken	A prisoner is having his mug shot taken.	neutral
19339	A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken	A prisoner is posing for a picture.	entailment
19340	A boy skips rocks near a bridge.	The girl is inside at home watching TV.	contradiction
19341	A boy skips rocks near a bridge.	A boy is tossing a rock at the water to catch the fish.	neutral
19342	A boy skips rocks near a bridge.	There is a boy outside.	entailment
19343	A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water.	The boy is about to feed some ducks in the lake with bread crumbs.	contradiction
19344	A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water.	The boy is holding a stone in his hand.	entailment
19345	A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water.	The boy is trying to hit a duck in the water.	neutral
19346	A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.	The boy is all wet from swimming in the water.	neutral
19347	A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.	The boy is carrying something in his hand.	entailment
19348	A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.	The boy wants to throw the stone into the water.	neutral
19349	A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore.	A child holds something in his hand.	entailment
19350	A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore.	A man reads a book.	contradiction
19351	A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore.	A child holds a piece of driftwood.	neutral
19352	The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks.	A boy is bored outdoors.	neutral
19353	The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks.	A boy is outside.	entailment
19354	The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks.	A boy plays video games.	contradiction
19355	Several young adults drinking alcoholic beverages at a party.	A party with people drinking.	entailment
19356	Several young adults drinking alcoholic beverages at a party.	A bunch of people drinking vodka.	neutral
19357	Several young adults drinking alcoholic beverages at a party.	A bunch of people at a library.	contradiction
19358	1 woman in a black jacket is drinking out of a bottle while others are smiling.	The other people are smiling at a joke the woman in a black jacket just told.	neutral
19359	1 woman in a black jacket is drinking out of a bottle while others are smiling.	The others frown angrily at the woman in a black jacket.	contradiction
19360	1 woman in a black jacket is drinking out of a bottle while others are smiling.	The woman in a black jacket's drinking bottle is uncapped.	entailment
19361	A group of friends drinking and laughing.	Some people frown.	contradiction
19362	A group of friends drinking and laughing.	Some people laugh while they drink beer.	neutral
19363	A group of friends drinking and laughing.	Some people laugh while they drink.	entailment
19364	A man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street.	The man is selling hats.	contradiction
19365	A man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street.	The man is trying to sell food on the street.	neutral
19366	A man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street.	A man has a food cart.	entailment
19367	A man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall.	A tall human reaching	neutral
19368	A man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall.	A human reaching.	entailment
19369	A man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall.	Nobody is reaching.	contradiction
19370	A man in a hat is reaching toward a sign.	A human wearing head clothing.	entailment
19371	A man in a hat is reaching toward a sign.	A workman removing  a sign.	neutral
19372	A man in a hat is reaching toward a sign.	A quadriplegic man stares at a sign.	contradiction
19373	A man is playing baseball.	The pitcher snares the line drive and completes the double play.	neutral
19374	A man is playing baseball.	A vendor sells flowers in the market.	contradiction
19375	A man is playing baseball.	The baseball player is a male	entailment
19376	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man and a sign	entailment
19377	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	Man is on his feet.	entailment
19378	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	Man is wearing a suit.	neutral
19379	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A woman pointing at a sign.	contradiction
19380	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man is pointing at a tree	contradiction
19381	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	The man just bought a house.	neutral
19382	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man is trying to give directions to a passerby-er	neutral
19383	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man is pointing at a sign	entailment
19384	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	The man is standing outside.	entailment
19385	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man pointing at the sign of his real estate company.	neutral
19386	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	Morton Rachofsky points with pride at a new sign that signifies the start of his new career	neutral
19387	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A guy is pointing at a sign.	entailment
19388	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man is sitting.	contradiction
19389	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	The man is waving a flag in the Olympic race.	contradiction
19390	Man standing and pointing toward a sign that has Morton Rachofsky realtors' information on it.	A man vandalizes a sign, tearing it from the ground and breaking it	contradiction
19391	Three boys jumping in a water bounce house.	There are boys in outdoors.	entailment
19392	Three boys jumping in a water bounce house.	The boys are cycling.	contradiction
19393	Three boys jumping in a water bounce house.	The boys are playing water games.	neutral
19394	Boys travel with a donkey-drawn cart.	A donkey is pulling a load.	entailment
19395	Boys travel with a donkey-drawn cart.	Boys are smuggling medical supplies.	neutral
19396	Boys travel with a donkey-drawn cart.	A donkey is pulling a cart in utter isolation.	contradiction
19397	A shirtless man with a blue stick in each hand is carefully watching an in-air baton as a woman on his right looks forward.	There is a blue stick with man.	entailment
19398	A shirtless man with a blue stick in each hand is carefully watching an in-air baton as a woman on his right looks forward.	A shirtless man with blue stack is attracting the woman for money.	neutral
19399	A shirtless man with a blue stick in each hand is carefully watching an in-air baton as a woman on his right looks forward.	Man and woman shared blue stick	contradiction
19400	A shirtless man with dreadlocks and tight jeans is playing with unlit fire sticks.	An elderly lady in tight jeans is playing with lit fire sticks.	contradiction
19401	A shirtless man with dreadlocks and tight jeans is playing with unlit fire sticks.	A man is practicing with the fire stick before he lights them.	neutral
19402	A shirtless man with dreadlocks and tight jeans is playing with unlit fire sticks.	The man with dreadlocks is only wearing tight jeans.	entailment
19403	A shirtless man with dreads, playing with batons.	A person is playing with something.	entailment
19404	A shirtless man with dreads, playing with batons.	A person is playing with something outside.	neutral
19405	A shirtless man with dreads, playing with batons.	The old lady is doing squats.	contradiction
19406	Man with dreadlocks twirling batons near boats.	A man is a boat captain twirling a stick..	neutral
19407	Man with dreadlocks twirling batons near boats.	A man with messy hair performs on the dock.	entailment
19408	Man with dreadlocks twirling batons near boats.	The man is sewing a boat sail.	contradiction
19409	A man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building.	A couple meets for a ride.	neutral
19410	A man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building.	People on bikes by a building.	entailment
19411	A man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building.	A man and woman going to bed.	contradiction
19412	Two bicyclists chat as they pass in front of a white building with columns.	Two people with bikes are standing in front of a building.	neutral
19413	Two bicyclists chat as they pass in front of a white building with columns.	Two people are talking in front of a columned building while biking.	entailment
19414	Two bicyclists chat as they pass in front of a white building with columns.	The people are walking through the park.	contradiction
19415	They are riding a bike and talking at the same time.	The people are riding down a biking trail.	neutral
19416	They are riding a bike and talking at the same time.	The people have their feet on the bicycles' pedals.	entailment
19417	They are riding a bike and talking at the same time.	The people are riding a speed boat together.	contradiction
19418	A man and a woman, each on a bicycle, talk in front of a building.	A man and a woman, each on a red bicycle, talk in front of a tall building.	neutral
19419	A man and a woman, each on a bicycle, talk in front of a building.	A man and a woman push a baby in a stroller.	contradiction
19420	A man and a woman, each on a bicycle, talk in front of a building.	Two people, each on a bicycle, talk in front of a building.	entailment
19421	Two bikers talk as they pass each other.	Two runners talk as they pass each other.	contradiction
19422	Two bikers talk as they pass each other.	Two people on bikes talk to each other.	entailment
19423	Two bikers talk as they pass each other.	A man and woman talk as they pass each other.	neutral
19424	A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out.	A softball player attempts to get on base.	entailment
19425	A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out.	A softball player is cheered on by her team.	neutral
19426	A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out.	A softball player is struck out.	contradiction
19427	A guy looking in a microscope.	The man examining tissue.	neutral
19428	A guy looking in a microscope.	The man watching a sonogram.	contradiction
19429	A guy looking in a microscope.	The man looking through the microscope.	entailment
19430	A watercraft speeds through the water.	Their is a boat race occuring.	entailment
19431	A watercraft speeds through the water.	The boat is really speeding on land.	contradiction
19432	A watercraft speeds through the water.	Some boats are small.	neutral
19433	On a foggy night, a gas station displays the price of gas.	It was foggy, but the gas station's pricing sign could still be seen.	entailment
19434	On a foggy night, a gas station displays the price of gas.	Gas was back to three dollars a gallon that evening.	neutral
19435	On a foggy night, a gas station displays the price of gas.	The gas station had no sign to display it's pricing, because it had blown away in the hurricane.	contradiction
19436	A man is in the kitchen cutting up chicken and vegetables on the counter, preparing a meal.	And blar and blue...	contradiction
19437	A man is in the kitchen cutting up chicken and vegetables on the counter, preparing a meal.	A knife is nearby.	neutral
19438	A man is in the kitchen cutting up chicken and vegetables on the counter, preparing a meal.	A man preps food.	entailment
19439	A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street.	Two people wait to cross the street	entailment
19440	A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street.	A woman walks alone on the beach	contradiction
19441	A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street.	A couple goes on an evening walk down the street	neutral
19442	A man and women waiting at a crosswalk	A man and women are waiting at a crosswalk for somebody to show up.	neutral
19443	A man and women waiting at a crosswalk	A man and women are waiting outside.	entailment
19444	A man and women waiting at a crosswalk	A man and women are sleeping at a crosswalk.	contradiction
19445	A blond-haired woman talks to a man wearing a tank top and shorts.	A tall woman was speaking to a good-looking man with an athletic build.	neutral
19446	A blond-haired woman talks to a man wearing a tank top and shorts.	The man wearing the ski suit ignored the blonde-haired woman that was talking to him.	contradiction
19447	A blond-haired woman talks to a man wearing a tank top and shorts.	A female spoke to a male.	entailment
19448	A man and a woman are talking while waiting at a crosswalk.	The man and woman are at a crosswalk.	entailment
19449	A man and a woman are talking while waiting at a crosswalk.	The man is wearing boots.	neutral
19450	A man and a woman are talking while waiting at a crosswalk.	The woman is alone at her desk talking on the phone.	contradiction
19451	Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals.	The restaurant is completely empty.	contradiction
19452	Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals.	Restaurant patrons enjoying their meals.	entailment
19453	Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals.	The waiters carry food to diners at a restaurant.	neutral
19454	Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif.	The Asians are eating.	entailment
19455	Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif.	The Asians are enjoying their last meal together.	neutral
19456	Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif.	The Asians are playing cards.	contradiction
19457	A young couple crossing the street.	A couple is walking to the park	neutral
19458	A young couple crossing the street.	People are walking	entailment
19459	A young couple crossing the street.	People are running in the forest	contradiction
19460	An asian group eating at a modern restaurant with red walls and black and white lighting.	A group of friends are eating at a modern restaurants for celebration	neutral
19461	An asian group eating at a modern restaurant with red walls and black and white lighting.	While running down the street dogs are eating him	contradiction
19462	An asian group eating at a modern restaurant with red walls and black and white lighting.	A group of friends are eating at a modern restaurants	entailment
19463	A girl with glasses listening to earbuds.	Cindy had her earbuds on.	neutral
19464	A girl with glasses listening to earbuds.	The music was loud.	contradiction
19465	A girl with glasses listening to earbuds.	Cindy had her earbuds on listening to music.	entailment
19466	A blond girl with a ponytail an glasses listens to earphones and carries a backpack.	A blond girl is having a conversation with her friends	contradiction
19467	A blond girl with a ponytail an glasses listens to earphones and carries a backpack.	A blond girl is enjoying her music as she carries a school bag	entailment
19468	A blond girl with a ponytail an glasses listens to earphones and carries a backpack.	A blond girl is listening to her headphones while she's walking to school	neutral
19469	A blond woman with glasses listens too an mp3 player.	a blond woman is listing to justin beiber	neutral
19470	A blond woman with glasses listens too an mp3 player.	a blonde woman is talking to her friend	contradiction
19471	A blond woman with glasses listens too an mp3 player.	a blonde woman is listening to music	entailment
19472	Blond girl in a winter coat is listening to an iPod.	A girl with light colored hair and a coat listens to an iPod.	entailment
19473	Blond girl in a winter coat is listening to an iPod.	A girl is sleeping	contradiction
19474	Blond girl in a winter coat is listening to an iPod.	A person is outside in the cold	neutral
19475	A blond woman is listening to headphones outside.	the blond girl listens to rap on her headphones	neutral
19476	A blond woman is listening to headphones outside.	the cat eats the rat	contradiction
19477	A blond woman is listening to headphones outside.	the blond girls listens to headphones	entailment
19478	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A man whoe got in a fight is sitting in the ER waiting for a doctor	neutral
19479	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A person is injured and in the hospital.	entailment
19480	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	The man has a cut on his bald head.	contradiction
19481	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A guy with pigtails has blood on him in the emergency room.	entailment
19482	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A guy with interesting hair is bloody and waiting in a hospital.	entailment
19483	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A man is injured and waiting in the emergency room.	neutral
19484	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	There is a guy with a broken nose and two black eyes waiting to be seen by a doctor.	neutral
19485	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	The young man has a cut lip.	neutral
19486	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	The man is at his high school graduation.	contradiction
19487	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	The man has brown hair.	neutral
19488	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A young lady with a broken leg is being wheeled out of the hospital.	contradiction
19489	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A perfectly healthy person with a crew cut is walking into the hospital.	contradiction
19490	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A young adult wearing glasses with an interesting hairdo is at the hospital.	entailment
19491	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	A girl is playing outside the hospital.	contradiction
19492	Young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in Emergency room waiting area.	The man is at the hospital.	entailment
19493	The young man, wearing a red shirt with blue shorts, and wearing the number 8026 is running in the street.	The man is walking on the dirt road.	contradiction
19494	The young man, wearing a red shirt with blue shorts, and wearing the number 8026 is running in the street.	The young man in a red shirt and blue shorts is running outside.	entailment
19495	The young man, wearing a red shirt with blue shorts, and wearing the number 8026 is running in the street.	The man is participating in a marathon.	neutral
19496	A neon gas station sign at night.	The sun is not out.	entailment
19497	A neon gas station sign at night.	It is bright.	neutral
19498	A neon gas station sign at night.	It is noon time.	contradiction
19499	Onlooker shield their eyes as they look toward the sun at marathon competitors running past them in a downtown area.	The marathon is at midnight.	contradiction
19500	Onlooker shield their eyes as they look toward the sun at marathon competitors running past them in a downtown area.	Looking at the sun hurts people's eyes.	neutral
19501	Onlooker shield their eyes as they look toward the sun at marathon competitors running past them in a downtown area.	The marathon competitors are all women.	neutral
19502	A man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance.	The man is working outside.	entailment
19503	A man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance.	A man is oiling his chainsaw.	contradiction
19504	A man in a hat wields an axe with the sun in the distance.	The man is chopping firewood.	neutral
19505	The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.	The white dog curls up to sleep on its bed.	contradiction
19506	The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.	The black dog catches a frisbee in its mouth while running in a field.	neutral
19507	The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.	The black dog chases it's toy in a field.	entailment
19508	A large crown walks by three friends climbing on top of each other.	the friends are together	entailment
19509	A large crown walks by three friends climbing on top of each other.	the man and woman played scrabble	contradiction
19510	A large crown walks by three friends climbing on top of each other.	the friends are praciticing for cheerleading	neutral
19511	A man with white hair sitting.	The old man is resting after exercising.	neutral
19512	A man with white hair sitting.	The redhead stands in line.	contradiction
19513	A man with white hair sitting.	A person is not standing.	entailment
19514	A man kayaks in rough water.	The man is wearing a helmet.	neutral
19515	A man kayaks in rough water.	The man is swimming in a river.	contradiction
19516	A man kayaks in rough water.	The man has a paddle.	entailment
19517	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	A crowd gathers near a bicycle display.	entailment
19518	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	people fight for the best bicycles	neutral
19519	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	A crowd holds up picket signs.	neutral
19520	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	A baby sleeps in a crib.	contradiction
19521	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	the people are swimming	contradiction
19522	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	Two men fight each other for posession of a bike.	neutral
19523	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	the crowd is angry	neutral
19524	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	There are people on the street.	entailment
19525	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	Men challenge each other to car races over email.	contradiction
19526	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	A friendly fight goes on outdoors near a collection of bikes.	entailment
19527	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	the people move around	entailment
19528	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	The people are at a bike race.	neutral
19529	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	The people are gathered at school.	contradiction
19530	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	bicycles make humans fight for their amusment	contradiction
19531	A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.	a crowd of people play around on a street that has bicycles on display	entailment
19532	A man is paddling in whitewater rapids.	A man is paddling his kayak in the rapids	neutral
19533	A man is paddling in whitewater rapids.	A man fell out of his kayak	contradiction
19534	A man is paddling in whitewater rapids.	A man is whitewater rafting	entailment
19535	Group of people gathered out on the streets near a display of bicycles.	The people are gathering for a celebration	neutral
19536	Group of people gathered out on the streets near a display of bicycles.	The people are near the bicycles	entailment
19537	Group of people gathered out on the streets near a display of bicycles.	The people are gathering in the office	contradiction
19538	Small children throwing hay at horses on a farm.	The kids are playing with the farm animal.	entailment
19539	Small children throwing hay at horses on a farm.	The kids are from a rural area.	neutral
19540	Small children throwing hay at horses on a farm.	The kids are being chased by the farm animal.	contradiction
19541	There are five young boys on a stage wearing boy scout shirts, and one wearing a purple jacket.	There are five young boys on a stage wearing Boy Scout shirts, with Webelo neckerchiefs, and one wearing a purple jacket.	neutral
19542	There are five young boys on a stage wearing boy scout shirts, and one wearing a purple jacket.	Some Boy Scouts are on stage.	entailment
19543	There are five young boys on a stage wearing boy scout shirts, and one wearing a purple jacket.	There are five young boys on a stage wearing Girl Scout shirts, and one wearing a green jacket.	contradiction
19544	A cook in the kitchen is preparing food	The cook did not prepare food.	contradiction
19545	A cook in the kitchen is preparing food	The cook prepared food for the guests.	neutral
19546	A cook in the kitchen is preparing food	There is a cook preparing food.	entailment
19547	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A woman in colorful sportswear runs around a sanded track with an athletic couple playing catch in the center.	entailment
19548	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	Everyone in the picture has the exact same clothes on.	contradiction
19549	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A softball player is running down a field.	entailment
19550	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A group of young women compete in the triathlon.	contradiction
19551	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	some women are cooking meatloaf	contradiction
19552	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	some women play softball	neutral
19553	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A lady in black is training hard for a softbal game while two other women in the background are playing with a frisbee	neutral
19554	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	some women are together	entailment
19555	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	People in the picture are engaging in physical activity.	entailment
19556	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	Thre men are fighting in the fields in other to win a female date price	contradiction
19557	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	The picture shows a softball game.	neutral
19558	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A softball player is running toward a base as other players try to stop her.	neutral
19559	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	Three women are playing softball in the field, two are in yellow vest and the other one chasing down the ball is wearing a black	entailment
19560	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A woman is playing tennis.	contradiction
19561	A woman in black and red softball gear is running along a sanded track while two women in yellow jerseys are in the middle of throwing a ball.	A woman races around a track to avoid getting in the way of the ball.	neutral
19562	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Girls are playing a sport.	entailment
19563	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Two girls are playing.	neutral
19564	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	The girl in a black and red uniform attempts to steal second base in a game of softball.	neutral
19565	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Girls are playing softball.	entailment
19566	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	A girl is throwing a ball while another girl runs.	entailment
19567	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	The girls are playing baseball.	neutral
19568	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Girls are at home enjoying their favorite movie.	contradiction
19569	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Girls are playing a softball game.	entailment
19570	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Boys are playing baseball in the final inning.	contradiction
19571	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Teenaged girls are playing softball outside on a sunny day.	neutral
19572	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Girls are competing for the varsity finals.	neutral
19573	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	The girls are competing in a spelling bee.	contradiction
19574	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	A girl in a yellow and blue uniform  throws a ball as the girl in the red uniform runs.	entailment
19575	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	Boys are playing basketball indoors.	contradiction
19576	A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.	The girls are sitting at home doing nothing.	contradiction
19577	A woman is running towards the base while playing softball.	A woman runs to home base to score for her team.	neutral
19578	A woman is running towards the base while playing softball.	A woman is outside picking flowers.	contradiction
19579	A woman is running towards the base while playing softball.	A softball player is trying to get to a base.	entailment
19580	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women who are on a softball team are practicing in their spare time.	neutral
19581	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women are playing football, and all of them are on the same team.	contradiction
19582	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women are sitting on the floor.	contradiction
19583	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Women are at practice for softball.	neutral
19584	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	The women are wearing blue.	neutral
19585	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Women are playing softball 2 on 1.	entailment
19586	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women play softball together.	entailment
19587	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	The women are wearing shoes.	entailment
19588	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women are playing softball, and one of them hit a homerun while the other two are trying to get the ball.	neutral
19589	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	The women are grocery shopping.	contradiction
19590	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three people are playing a game.	entailment
19591	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women chat while getting their nails done.	contradiction
19592	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	There is a group of three women playing softball.	entailment
19593	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	The women are winning their first softball game ever.	neutral
19594	Three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.	Three women are swimming.	contradiction
19595	Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill.	The men are friends	neutral
19596	Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill.	Two men stand	entailment
19597	Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill.	The dog is black	contradiction
19598	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl makes the first home run she has ever made.	neutral
19599	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	The girl is playing baseball while her parents are watching.	neutral
19600	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl is running around the bases.	entailment
19601	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A young girl is trash talking her oponents.	neutral
19602	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl is sitting on the bleachers watching the game.	contradiction
19603	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl hit a home run to win the game.	neutral
19604	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A young girl is shooting freethrows.	contradiction
19605	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl hit a home run.	entailment
19606	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	There is a tied baseball game	neutral
19607	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl sits in a pretty dress during a church sermon.	contradiction
19608	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	The boys are playing soccer	contradiction
19609	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl got thrown out at first base.	contradiction
19610	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl is playing baseball outside	entailment
19611	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl is playing a sport.	entailment
19612	A girl is making a home run during her baseball game.	A girl is playing baseball.	entailment
19613	Two people are standing on the slopes of a mountain and they have a dog with them.	The people are outdoors.	entailment
19614	Two people are standing on the slopes of a mountain and they have a dog with them.	The people are in the snow.	neutral
19615	Two people are standing on the slopes of a mountain and they have a dog with them.	The people are on the moon.	contradiction
19616	A man, his little son and their dog going for a walk in the mountains.	The man and his son are snow sledding down the side of a mountain.	contradiction
19617	A man, his little son and their dog going for a walk in the mountains.	The man and his son are at a high altitude.	entailment
19618	A man, his little son and their dog going for a walk in the mountains.	The man is showing his son how to grow crops in a steppe garden.	neutral
19619	Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank.	Two people are looking at a tank before buying it.	neutral
19620	Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank.	The army crew is dismantling the tank.	contradiction
19621	Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank.	Some people are walking on a tank.	entailment
19622	Men, one walking, and one sitting balanced on a shaft.	Two men are sitting on a yacht	contradiction
19623	Men, one walking, and one sitting balanced on a shaft.	A man is trying to test his bravery	neutral
19624	Men, one walking, and one sitting balanced on a shaft.	Men are balancing themselves on a shaft	entailment
19625	Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.	Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields to get a better view.	neutral
19626	Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.	Two boys walk out on a military monument over swampy, muddy fields.	contradiction
19627	Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.	Two boys are walking in a field.	entailment
19628	One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him.	A boy is firing a gun as another boy sits nearby.	contradiction
19629	One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him.	A boy is seated on a giant gun as a boy is moving towards him.	entailment
19630	One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him.	A boy is sitting as another boy approaches.	neutral
19631	Two people are on top of a cannon.	Two people are on a cannon.	entailment
19632	Two people are on top of a cannon.	Two people are doing karate.	contradiction
19633	Two people are on top of a cannon.	Two people are on a cannon and another person comes along.	neutral
19634	A stadium full of soccer fans dressed in orange cheer at the 2007 UEFA Under-21 Football Championship in the Netherlands.	The fans in the stadium cheered.	entailment
19635	A stadium full of soccer fans dressed in orange cheer at the 2007 UEFA Under-21 Football Championship in the Netherlands.	The group watched the soccer match on television.	contradiction
19636	A stadium full of soccer fans dressed in orange cheer at the 2007 UEFA Under-21 Football Championship in the Netherlands.	The fans in the stands wore their team color, orange.	entailment
19637	Fans dressed in white and orange fill a large stadium.	Fans blow in an office keeping the occupants cool.	contradiction
19638	Fans dressed in white and orange fill a large stadium.	Fans fill a stadium.	entailment
19639	Fans dressed in white and orange fill a large stadium.	Fans of the dolphins fill Miami stadium.	neutral
19640	Crowd at a soccer match in the Netherlands.	The crowd watches the soccer game.	entailment
19641	Crowd at a soccer match in the Netherlands.	The crowd watches the basketball game.	contradiction
19642	Crowd at a soccer match in the Netherlands.	The crowd is cheering loudly.	neutral
19643	The view of a crowd in a sporting event.	The crowd is outside watching sports.	neutral
19644	The view of a crowd in a sporting event.	The crowd is at a sporting event	entailment
19645	The view of a crowd in a sporting event.	The dog is running	contradiction
19646	Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf.	Women are sitting a table.	entailment
19647	Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf.	The women are all friends.	neutral
19648	Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf.	Men are sitting at a table in front of a bookshelf.	contradiction
19649	Six people are sitting around an L-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn.	People are jumping indoors.	contradiction
19650	Six people are sitting around an L-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn.	Friends are talking to each other.	neutral
19651	Six people are sitting around an L-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn.	A group is together.	entailment
19652	Several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves.	Several women are near a table.	entailment
19653	Several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves.	The women are all playing a game.	neutral
19654	Several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves.	The women are around a lot of water.	contradiction
19655	A dog running in a field.	The pet is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
19656	A dog running in a field.	The dog is playing fetch.	neutral
19657	A dog running in a field.	There is an animal outside.	entailment
19658	A black and white dog is running through the field.	An old dog runs outside.	neutral
19659	A black and white dog is running through the field.	A dog is sleeping inside.	contradiction
19660	A black and white dog is running through the field.	A dog runs outside.	entailment
19661	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	the dogs are asleep	contradiction
19662	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	dogs running though field	entailment
19663	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	the dogs are old	neutral
19664	A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.	The cat is looking out the window.	contradiction
19665	A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.	A dog is running outside.	entailment
19666	A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.	A dog is being photographed for a magazine.	neutral
19667	A horse with a man on it is jumping over hurdles.	A man is riding a camel	contradiction
19668	A horse with a man on it is jumping over hurdles.	A horse is carrying a human	entailment
19669	A horse with a man on it is jumping over hurdles.	A horse is in a competition	neutral
19670	Three boy being tugged in a red barrel by a donkey.	A group of young white boys sitting on the moon.	contradiction
19671	Three boy being tugged in a red barrel by a donkey.	A group of young white boys being tugged by a donkey.	neutral
19672	Three boy being tugged in a red barrel by a donkey.	A group of boys being tugged by a donkey.	entailment
19673	A young girl wearing pink has a preying mantis crawling up her arm.	The boy is catching butterflies.	contradiction
19674	A young girl wearing pink has a preying mantis crawling up her arm.	A bug is on a young girls arm.	entailment
19675	A young girl wearing pink has a preying mantis crawling up her arm.	A girls is scared of the bug on her arm.	neutral
19676	A group of people wearing red hold up purple balloons with numbers and symbols on them.	A group of people are holding balloons at a birthday party.	neutral
19677	A group of people wearing red hold up purple balloons with numbers and symbols on them.	People are holding up bouquets of red and green balloons.	contradiction
19678	A group of people wearing red hold up purple balloons with numbers and symbols on them.	People are holding purple balloons.	entailment
19679	A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on.	A man and a women are in nature.	entailment
19680	A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on.	A man and a women are connecting with their inner child.	neutral
19681	A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on.	A man and a women practice professional boxing.	contradiction
19682	A man at the beach holding a pail, standing next to a child.	A father and son  play at the beach.	neutral
19683	A man at the beach holding a pail, standing next to a child.	A brother and sister play at the park.	contradiction
19684	A man at the beach holding a pail, standing next to a child.	A man and child are outside.	entailment
19685	People walk on a metropolitan sidewalk in front of a bar and grill.	People walking on sidewalk.	entailment
19686	People walk on a metropolitan sidewalk in front of a bar and grill.	People eating in restaurant.	contradiction
19687	People walk on a metropolitan sidewalk in front of a bar and grill.	Some people walking near restaurant.	neutral
19688	Six young ladies are warming up before the beginning of their gymnastic routine.	Seven men stretching in the gym.	contradiction
19689	Six young ladies are warming up before the beginning of their gymnastic routine.	The USA Olympic Gymnastics Team.	neutral
19690	Six young ladies are warming up before the beginning of their gymnastic routine.	Gymnasts preparing to compete.	entailment
19691	two female gymnast working up before their turn is up.	Two male gymnasts are in their routine.	contradiction
19692	two female gymnast working up before their turn is up.	Two gymnasts are warming up.	entailment
19693	two female gymnast working up before their turn is up.	Two gymnasts are competing against each other.	neutral
19694	During a rhythmic gymnastic event, the gymnast in the blue and gold uniforms will be using their hoops to perform.	The gymnast is sleeping in bed.	contradiction
19695	During a rhythmic gymnastic event, the gymnast in the blue and gold uniforms will be using their hoops to perform.	The gymnast in the blue and gold uniforms will be using their hoops and smiling.	neutral
19696	During a rhythmic gymnastic event, the gymnast in the blue and gold uniforms will be using their hoops to perform.	The gymnast in the blue and gold uniforms will be using their hoops to perform.	entailment
19697	Two gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	Gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	entailment
19698	Two gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	Three gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	contradiction
19699	Two gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	Two fat gymnasts in blue and gold uniforms are holding hula hoops as a part of a routine.	neutral
19700	A construction worker is standing on top of a structure.	There is a construction worker wearing a hard hat.	neutral
19701	A construction worker is standing on top of a structure.	There is a consturction worker outdoors.	entailment
19702	A construction worker is standing on top of a structure.	There is a group of women at a concert.	contradiction
19703	Active person silhouetted against the sky.	There is a dog's silhouette with the sky in the background	contradiction
19704	Active person silhouetted against the sky.	There is a person's silhouette with the dark sky in the background	neutral
19705	Active person silhouetted against the sky.	There is a person's silhouette with the sky in the background	entailment
19706	A man is jumping through the air.	a man is jumping	entailment
19707	A man is jumping through the air.	the man is catching a ball	neutral
19708	A man is jumping through the air.	the man is paralyzed	contradiction
19709	silhouette of a young woman jumping and a beautiful setting in the background.	Someone is running through a field.	contradiction
19710	silhouette of a young woman jumping and a beautiful setting in the background.	A woman is posing for a photo.	entailment
19711	silhouette of a young woman jumping and a beautiful setting in the background.	A woman is jumping on a trampoline.	neutral
19712	The silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset.	A person sitting on the ground in the middle of the day.	contradiction
19713	The silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset.	The sun is setting behind a person.	entailment
19714	The silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset.	A girl is jumping on a trampoline late in the evening.	neutral
19715	In a kitchen, a man intently tries to get a piece of meat into a metal bag.	A man is putting meat in a bag.	entailment
19716	In a kitchen, a man intently tries to get a piece of meat into a metal bag.	The dog is breaking open a bag full of meat.	contradiction
19717	In a kitchen, a man intently tries to get a piece of meat into a metal bag.	In the kitchen the man is holding a bag.	neutral
19718	A man working in the kitchen is putting together a meal for someone.	The man cooks for his wife.	neutral
19719	A man working in the kitchen is putting together a meal for someone.	The man cooks a meal.	entailment
19720	A man working in the kitchen is putting together a meal for someone.	The girl chases a dog.	contradiction
19721	A person is jumping in the air.	A person is sitting in the grass	contradiction
19722	A person is jumping in the air.	A person is testing their leg strength	neutral
19723	A person is jumping in the air.	A person is jumping	entailment
19724	A man surfing in the ocean.	the man is seated	contradiction
19725	A man surfing in the ocean.	the man is thirty	neutral
19726	A man surfing in the ocean.	a man is surfing	entailment
19727	A young man with a painted face, much like that of a clown, looks downward with a sullen stare.	a women stares at the ground	contradiction
19728	A young man with a painted face, much like that of a clown, looks downward with a sullen stare.	a man with paint on his face looks downward	neutral
19729	A young man with a painted face, much like that of a clown, looks downward with a sullen stare.	a man with a clown face looks down with a stare	entailment
19730	bird is taking off out of the water	The animal is flying up in the air.	entailment
19731	bird is taking off out of the water	The bird is floating in the water.	contradiction
19732	bird is taking off out of the water	The bird is going after the bug in the air.	neutral
19733	A large white bird flies over water.	A bird flying.	entailment
19734	A large white bird flies over water.	The bird is a seagull.	neutral
19735	A large white bird flies over water.	The seagulls stand on the pier.	contradiction
19736	Two men and a woman sit near the front of a bus with religious artifacts around.	Two men and a woman are on their way to church	neutral
19737	Two men and a woman sit near the front of a bus with religious artifacts around.	These people are walking	contradiction
19738	Two men and a woman sit near the front of a bus with religious artifacts around.	Two men and a woman are sitting	entailment
19739	Large white crane is flying low near the water.	The bird is migrating north	neutral
19740	Large white crane is flying low near the water.	The bird is flying	entailment
19741	Large white crane is flying low near the water.	The bird is made of pure gold	contradiction
19742	A large gray and white water bird.	The bird is black.	contradiction
19743	A large gray and white water bird.	The bird has 2 colors.	entailment
19744	A large gray and white water bird.	The bird is a pigeon.	neutral
19745	A 1960s looking type hippie male walking down the street.	A man is outside	entailment
19746	A 1960s looking type hippie male walking down the street.	A man is inside watching television.	contradiction
19747	A 1960s looking type hippie male walking down the street.	A man is going to get some coffee.	neutral
19748	A man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon.	The man is walking into the nail salon.	contradiction
19749	A man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon.	He is heading towards the movies.	neutral
19750	A man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon.	A man is walking outside.	entailment
19751	A man with a colorful shirt and brown pants is walking in front of a nail shop.	The woman is clipping her finger nails.	contradiction
19752	A man with a colorful shirt and brown pants is walking in front of a nail shop.	The man is going to get a manicure.	neutral
19753	A man with a colorful shirt and brown pants is walking in front of a nail shop.	The man is wearing brown pants.	entailment
19754	An apparently homemade pontoon boat with five people is seen approaching the bank of a river or lake shore on a cloudless, calm day.	A homemade boat appraoches a river bank.	entailment
19755	An apparently homemade pontoon boat with five people is seen approaching the bank of a river or lake shore on a cloudless, calm day.	A speed boat speeds down the water during a race.	contradiction
19756	An apparently homemade pontoon boat with five people is seen approaching the bank of a river or lake shore on a cloudless, calm day.	A red boat approaches a river bank.	neutral
19757	A group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake.	The men are surfboarding in the ocean.	contradiction
19758	A group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake.	The group of men are outside on the lake.	entailment
19759	A group of guys on a pontoon boat out on the lake.	The men are goofing off.	neutral
19760	Some people are fishing on a lake on their boat.	There is a boat with people in it.	entailment
19761	Some people are fishing on a lake on their boat.	The people are on a dock fishing.	contradiction
19762	Some people are fishing on a lake on their boat.	The people are catching fish on the lake in the boat.	neutral
19763	A young asian man stands in front of a class.	A student gives a speech to his class.	neutral
19764	A young asian man stands in front of a class.	A person standing before a group of people.	entailment
19765	A young asian man stands in front of a class.	A teacher is talking to a crowded auditorium.	contradiction
19766	A man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people.	People watch a breakdancing competition.	neutral
19767	A man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people.	A man dances in front of a crowd.	entailment
19768	A man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people.	A magician performs in front of a crowd.	contradiction
19769	A girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows	A girl rides the pony she just got for her birthday.	neutral
19770	A girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows	A human rides a pony.	entailment
19771	A girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows	A pony rides a human.	contradiction
19772	A young boy opens a present ripping out the pink and yellow tissue paper.	The boy is having a birthday party.	neutral
19773	A young boy opens a present ripping out the pink and yellow tissue paper.	The boy is indoors opening gifts.	entailment
19774	A young boy opens a present ripping out the pink and yellow tissue paper.	The boy is slapping his mother.	contradiction
19775	A hiker standing on the shore of a lake.	The hiker is from outer space	contradiction
19776	A hiker standing on the shore of a lake.	The hiker is looking at the clear blue water	neutral
19777	A hiker standing on the shore of a lake.	There is a person standing near a lake	entailment
19778	A vendor in Mexico pushes an ice cream cart past an armed security guard in front of a shop.	A man is selling ice cream.	entailment
19779	A vendor in Mexico pushes an ice cream cart past an armed security guard in front of a shop.	The ice cream vendor is the President of Mexico.	contradiction
19780	A vendor in Mexico pushes an ice cream cart past an armed security guard in front of a shop.	The security guard is going to buy some ice cream from the vendor.	neutral
19781	A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume	A little boy is dressed up	entailment
19782	A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume	A boy wearing a halloween costume	neutral
19783	A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume	A girl is running around in her diaper	contradiction
19784	Two women wearing ceremonial costumes are walking outside a white building.	two men walk across a field wearing nothing	contradiction
19785	Two women wearing ceremonial costumes are walking outside a white building.	two women walk outside a building	entailment
19786	Two women wearing ceremonial costumes are walking outside a white building.	two women walk home after a ceremony	neutral
19787	Group of boys playing basketball.	Boys are outside on the court.	entailment
19788	Group of boys playing basketball.	The girls are skating on the court.	contradiction
19789	Group of boys playing basketball.	The boys are playing horse.	neutral
19790	Two women dressed in ceremonial apparel are standing on the grass looking at bridge that leads to a building with a mountain in the background.	the women are laughing	neutral
19791	Two women dressed in ceremonial apparel are standing on the grass looking at bridge that leads to a building with a mountain in the background.	the women are seated on the lawn	contradiction
19792	Two women dressed in ceremonial apparel are standing on the grass looking at bridge that leads to a building with a mountain in the background.	two women are dressed	entailment
19793	Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background.	Two women are wearing costumes in front of a building.	entailment
19794	Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background.	Two men wearing swimsuits try to crash a parade.	contradiction
19795	Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background.	Two Chinese woman have dressed in full costume for a parade.	neutral
19796	This is two women dressed in red costumes standing close together	There are two females sitting in close proximity.	entailment
19797	This is two women dressed in red costumes standing close together	The two woman were dress in all blue while sitting together.	contradiction
19798	This is two women dressed in red costumes standing close together	One of the woman was dressed as superwoman.	neutral
19799	The small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what's inside.	A child has received a present.	entailment
19800	The small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what's inside.	Opening presents on Christmas	neutral
19801	The small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what's inside.	The boy is lonely	contradiction
19802	A bird's eye view of a man in a white shirt working outside.	A man is outdoors.	entailment
19803	A bird's eye view of a man in a white shirt working outside.	A man is working on his house.	neutral
19804	A bird's eye view of a man in a white shirt working outside.	A man is sitting in the shade.	contradiction
19805	A man is watching a girl draw as he eats.	The man is not eating something.	contradiction
19806	A man is watching a girl draw as he eats.	The man is wearing a blue shirt.	neutral
19807	A man is watching a girl draw as he eats.	A girl is drawing something.	entailment
19808	A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara.	The girl had been shopping.	entailment
19809	A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara.	The girl bought gifts at Zara.	neutral
19810	A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara.	The girl is carrying shopping bags from Target.	contradiction
19811	A man leaning on his partner, there is a river backdrop.	A couple in front of a river.	entailment
19812	A man leaning on his partner, there is a river backdrop.	A couple goes out for their anniversary.	neutral
19813	A man leaning on his partner, there is a river backdrop.	A couple goes for a swim.	contradiction
19814	A child looks at a robot.	The child looks at a pig.	contradiction
19815	A child looks at a robot.	The robot can talk.	neutral
19816	A child looks at a robot.	A child sees a robot.	entailment
19817	A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on.	A woman is pointing at a menu.	entailment
19818	A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on.	A woman with her two friends is ordering an item from menu.	neutral
19819	A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on.	Three people are riding on the bus.	contradiction
19820	A young blond boy looking at a white robot on a green table.	A sad boy looking at a white robot on a green table.	neutral
19821	A young blond boy looking at a white robot on a green table.	A young blond girl looking at a white robot on a green table.	contradiction
19822	A young blond boy looking at a white robot on a green table.	A young blond person looking at a white robot on a green table.	entailment
19823	A couple taking a picture together smiling with sunglasses appropriate for the very sunny weather captured by the photographer.	A couple is having their picture taken.	entailment
19824	A couple taking a picture together smiling with sunglasses appropriate for the very sunny weather captured by the photographer.	The couple is on their honeymoon.	neutral
19825	A couple taking a picture together smiling with sunglasses appropriate for the very sunny weather captured by the photographer.	The couple with sunglasses on are walking on the beach.	contradiction
19826	A blond boy is staring at a toy robot and looks like he wants to play with it.	The toy is expensive.	neutral
19827	A blond boy is staring at a toy robot and looks like he wants to play with it.	The boy is looking away from the toy.	contradiction
19828	A blond boy is staring at a toy robot and looks like he wants to play with it.	A blond boy is staring at a toy.	entailment
19829	Two individuals wearing sunglasses smile for the camera in front of a body of water.	The individuals are a couple posing for a picture.	neutral
19830	Two individuals wearing sunglasses smile for the camera in front of a body of water.	There are people outside.	entailment
19831	Two individuals wearing sunglasses smile for the camera in front of a body of water.	The people are in a field of grass.	contradiction
19832	A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean.	A man jumps over a wave.	entailment
19833	A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean.	A surfer jumps over a huge wave on his surfboard.	neutral
19834	A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean.	A young man is building a sandcastle on the beach.	contradiction
19835	A young woman walking through a run down alley.	the boy walked alone	contradiction
19836	A young woman walking through a run down alley.	the woman is in the alley	entailment
19837	A young woman walking through a run down alley.	the woman is going to meet friends	neutral
19838	Woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti.	A woman stands near graffiti.	entailment
19839	Woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti.	A woman stands near graffiti she has made.	neutral
19840	Woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti.	A woman sits at a restaurant.	contradiction
19841	A girl in a green and white striped hat looking down in front of a wall decorated with a painting of a man's face.	a girl is looking down from a wall	entailment
19842	A girl in a green and white striped hat looking down in front of a wall decorated with a painting of a man's face.	There is a painter admiring his work	neutral
19843	A girl in a green and white striped hat looking down in front of a wall decorated with a painting of a man's face.	a boy is in the picture	contradiction
19844	A woman with her head down is in a very run down area.	the man in a suit talks on his cellphone	contradiction
19845	A woman with her head down is in a very run down area.	the woman is homeless	neutral
19846	A woman with her head down is in a very run down area.	There is a woman in a run down area	entailment
19847	A woman in a white and green striped hat is looking down.	A man is looking up at the sun.	contradiction
19848	A woman in a white and green striped hat is looking down.	A woman in hat is looking down at a cat.	neutral
19849	A woman in a white and green striped hat is looking down.	A woman in a hat is looking down.	entailment
19850	A young man sitting and eating next to a little girl sitting and reading.	A group of people are near a van	contradiction
19851	A young man sitting and eating next to a little girl sitting and reading.	They are hungry	neutral
19852	A young man sitting and eating next to a little girl sitting and reading.	a group of people are eating	entailment
19853	A guy on, what appears to be, skis is moving down a snow covered hill.	The guy is wearing a ski mask.	neutral
19854	A guy on, what appears to be, skis is moving down a snow covered hill.	The guy is outside.	entailment
19855	A guy on, what appears to be, skis is moving down a snow covered hill.	The guy is dancing in the rain.	contradiction
19856	A young child with a jesters hat sliding down a snow covered hill.	It is summer.	contradiction
19857	A young child with a jesters hat sliding down a snow covered hill.	It is cold outside.	entailment
19858	A young child with a jesters hat sliding down a snow covered hill.	It snowed today.	neutral
19859	In a red pavilion, three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold a bride's long white train.	The women are getting ready for the wedding	neutral
19860	In a red pavilion, three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold a bride's long white train.	There are three women in dresses	entailment
19861	In a red pavilion, three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold a bride's long white train.	The man is at the bar having a drink	contradiction
19862	A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle.	The man has something on his head.	entailment
19863	A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle.	The man is performing in front of a crowd.	neutral
19864	A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle.	The man is paralyzed and in a wheelchair.	contradiction
19865	A man with dark shades and his daughter sitting in chairs.	The daughter is standing up.	contradiction
19866	A man with dark shades and his daughter sitting in chairs.	The man is sitting with his daughter.	entailment
19867	A man with dark shades and his daughter sitting in chairs.	The man is talking.	neutral
19868	A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.	a cat jumps through the air	contradiction
19869	A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.	an animal wearing a bandanna	entailment
19870	A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.	a puppy jumps through the air	entailment
19871	A hiker's profile against a blue sky and mountain range.	A hiker is ascending Mt. Mckinley.	neutral
19872	A hiker's profile against a blue sky and mountain range.	A hiker is on the couch.	contradiction
19873	A hiker's profile against a blue sky and mountain range.	A hiker is ascending a mountain.	entailment
19874	A man dressed as a clown with a colorful wig on his head.	The man is swimming	contradiction
19875	A man dressed as a clown with a colorful wig on his head.	The man is at a circus	neutral
19876	A man dressed as a clown with a colorful wig on his head.	The man is dressed as a clown.	entailment
19877	A clown stands in front of a blurred-out crowd.	There is a crowd of people.	entailment
19878	A clown stands in front of a blurred-out crowd.	The clown is the only person around.	contradiction
19879	A clown stands in front of a blurred-out crowd.	The clown performs at a birthday event.	neutral
19880	A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown.	A man is dressed as a clown	neutral
19881	A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown.	A man is sleeping.	contradiction
19882	A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown.	A man is in a colorful shirt	entailment
19883	A man plays guitar next to a drummer.	A sad man plays guitar next to a drummer.	neutral
19884	A man plays guitar next to a drummer.	A person plays guitar next to a drummer.	entailment
19885	A man plays guitar next to a drummer.	A woman plays guitar next to a drummer.	contradiction
19886	A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him.	A bald man plays guitar.	entailment
19887	A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him.	A spotlight shines bright on a young popstar.	contradiction
19888	A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him.	A spotlight shines off a bald man's head.	neutral
19889	An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.	A old bald man playing a solo gig at a bar.	neutral
19890	An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.	A old bald man feeding pigeons.	contradiction
19891	An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.	A bald man playing music.	entailment
19892	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight.	The man in the band is sitting in a bathtub.	contradiction
19893	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight.	The man in the band is wearing leather pants.	neutral
19894	A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight.	There is a spotlight on a man.	entailment
19895	The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight, and the drummer in the back is under one too.	The band is under spotlights.	entailment
19896	The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight, and the drummer in the back is under one too.	A man is singing on stage alone.	contradiction
19897	The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight, and the drummer in the back is under one too.	The band is performing for a large crowd.	neutral
19898	A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure.	A girl is playing at the park.	neutral
19899	A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure.	A boy wants a cookie.	contradiction
19900	A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure.	A girl slides down a bar.	entailment
19901	A young girl sliding down a black pole.	A girl going down the pole.	entailment
19902	A young girl sliding down a black pole.	A girl sliding and grinding on the pole.	neutral
19903	A young girl sliding down a black pole.	A girl painting the pole black.	contradiction
19904	Two men talking on a baseball diamond.	Two women are having a conversation.	contradiction
19905	Two men talking on a baseball diamond.	People are on a baseball field.	entailment
19906	Two men talking on a baseball diamond.	A pitcher and a coach are conversing.	neutral
19907	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A girls is sliding down a pole.	entailment
19908	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A young asian girl wearing a dress is playing outside on the playground	neutral
19909	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is at a park.	neutral
19910	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A kid is grounded and sent to his room.	contradiction
19911	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is watching television.	contradiction
19912	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A girl is playing with some friends.	neutral
19913	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is American.	contradiction
19914	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A kid is playing at the playground.	entailment
19915	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	the girl does not have asian biological parents	contradiction
19916	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is only 8 years old.	neutral
19917	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is outdoors.	entailment
19918	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	A young asian girl is playing on the playground and slid down a pole	entailment
19919	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl has yellow skin	neutral
19920	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The girl is palying at a park	entailment
19921	A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.	The boy is playing video games	contradiction
19922	two men at a little league baseball game talking on the field.	A few people are talking while playing basketball.	contradiction
19923	two men at a little league baseball game talking on the field.	Two guys are talking on the field.	neutral
19924	two men at a little league baseball game talking on the field.	Two guys are talking on the field of a little league baseball game.	entailment
19925	Two man are talking inside the baseball playing area	They are happy.	neutral
19926	Two man are talking inside the baseball playing area	The women are talking at the field.	contradiction
19927	Two man are talking inside the baseball playing area	The men are talking at the baseball field.	entailment
19928	A girl sliding down a pole	she slides down the pole	entailment
19929	A girl sliding down a pole	she slides down the pole on her birthday	neutral
19930	A girl sliding down a pole	she eats a pumpkin	contradiction
19931	A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.	A referee is advising a coach why a player was ejected from the game.	neutral
19932	A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.	Sports officials argue at a football game.	contradiction
19933	A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.	Two sports officials are conversing.	entailment
19934	Men filling concrete basins with water and canvas like material.	the men are pouring water	entailment
19935	Men filling concrete basins with water and canvas like material.	the woman planted vegatable	contradiction
19936	Men filling concrete basins with water and canvas like material.	the men work construction together	neutral
19937	Four men use hoses to pour water while in an austere environment.	humans are playing by the fire	contradiction
19938	Four men use hoses to pour water while in an austere environment.	men pour water in a strict environment	entailment
19939	Four men use hoses to pour water while in an austere environment.	men are using water outside	neutral
19940	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	Two men are feeding birds at the zoo.	contradiction
19941	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	the men are paid to work	neutral
19942	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	One man is operating a watering hose	entailment
19943	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	Two men are setting up a swimming pool.	neutral
19944	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	The watering hose is shooting out water in a controlled fashion	neutral
19945	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	One man in a red shirt is operating a cannon and another man in a yellow shirt is moving bricks	contradiction
19946	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	One man is watering tomatoes while another man is pulling tarps.	neutral
19947	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	the men are working	entailment
19948	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	A man wearing a blue shirt is using a water hose while another man moves tarps.	entailment
19949	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	Two men are doing things with a hose and a tarp.	entailment
19950	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	A man in a blue jacket is shoveling snow off a driveway.	contradiction
19951	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	The gardeners tend to their plants.	neutral
19952	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	The men are outside.	entailment
19953	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	the men are at the bar smoking	contradiction
19954	One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.	The men are working on a piano.	contradiction
19955	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	A man in a blue robe, along with three other men who live in a third world country, are washing their clothes in a muddy pit.	entailment
19956	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	A man in a blue robe and three other men are surrounded by mud while they work.	entailment
19957	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men in robes do laundry.	neutral
19958	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men are doing laundry in dirty standing water.	entailment
19959	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four poor men are washing their clothes in a dirty puddle because they cannot afford to go to the laundromat.	neutral
19960	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Some men are walking down the street.	contradiction
19961	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men work in a muddy pit.	entailment
19962	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	A priest joins 3 other men in the task of doing laundry.	neutral
19963	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men who live in a third world country are talking and laughing as they do laundry in a muddy pit.	neutral
19964	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men, one in a long blue robe, are folding their perfectly clean laundry.	contradiction
19965	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	The men are near a clothes line.	neutral
19966	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	The men are playing pool at the sports bar.	contradiction
19967	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	At least one man is wearing a robe.	entailment
19968	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	A man in a red robe, along with two women, are washing their clothes in a lake.	contradiction
19969	Four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.	Four men stand and talk in a laundromat while their clothes dry.	contradiction
19970	A boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface.	A boy is outside.	entailment
19971	A boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface.	A boy is sledding with his friends.	neutral
19972	A boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface.	A boy is making a sand castle.	contradiction
19973	four men that appear to excavating old ruins.	There are four men.	entailment
19974	four men that appear to excavating old ruins.	The woman is exiting the ruins.	contradiction
19975	four men that appear to excavating old ruins.	The men are scientists.	neutral
19976	Two women ogle another woman's jewelry.	the women ogle their possessions on christmas	neutral
19977	Two women ogle another woman's jewelry.	the sheep eat dogs	contradiction
19978	Two women ogle another woman's jewelry.	the women ogle their possesions	neutral
19979	a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump	A dog is chasing a bug outside.	neutral
19980	a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump	A kitten is chasing a mouse through the woods.	contradiction
19981	a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump	A small dog is jumping.	entailment
19982	A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.	There is a hiker here near the water.	entailment
19983	A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.	This hiker is trying to gather his bearings.	neutral
19984	A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.	The man is looking for his canoe.	contradiction
19985	Two women admiring a third woman's bracelets.	Two women are stealing another woman's bracelets.	contradiction
19986	Two women admiring a third woman's bracelets.	Two women are admiring a third woman's bracelets before one woman asks where she got them.	neutral
19987	Two women admiring a third woman's bracelets.	Two women are looking at another woman's jewelry.	entailment
19988	A boy with dark hair is submerged in the water so that one can only see his head.	A young person is in the water.	entailment
19989	A boy with dark hair is submerged in the water so that one can only see his head.	A young boy is laying on a towel.	contradiction
19990	A boy with dark hair is submerged in the water so that one can only see his head.	A young boy is standing in a pool so that his head is sticking out.	neutral
19991	a boy in the water only sticking his head out of the water and smiling.	Outside is a water place with a boy submerged with only his head visible.	entailment
19992	a boy in the water only sticking his head out of the water and smiling.	Two boys are working together building a sand castle while sitting on the beach.	contradiction
19993	a boy in the water only sticking his head out of the water and smiling.	A boy was standing on the beach gazing at the sun.	neutral
19994	A boy swimming in a body of water while smiling.	A boy is playing video games.	contradiction
19995	A boy swimming in a body of water while smiling.	A boy is in the water.	entailment
19996	A boy swimming in a body of water while smiling.	A boy is swimming in lake tahoe.	neutral
19997	A smiling boy in the water.	A kid is smiling with friends.	neutral
19998	A smiling boy in the water.	A happy kid in the water.	entailment
19999	A smiling boy in the water.	A kid is on the grass.	contradiction
